SENTENCE	LABEL
The hairdresser approached the chief and asked them for mercy .	0
Its caribsea liferock , it already comes like this with some people stating it reduces algae growth , it just has a week since set up in my tank and another 2 weeks since put in my neighbours tank to get bacteria from their tank , and some of their sump 's life rock for mine , and kickstarting with aquavitro seed bacteria like in the brs video , and a pair of normal clownfish , ammonia and nitrites at 0 , nitrates are stable in the 10ppm range and doing waterchanges of 25 % once a day while tank matures a bit more in like 2 months , currently testing twice a day once in the morning after waking up and after coming from work .	0
The clerk visited the physician because their back ached .	0
The clerk earns more than the guard because they are lazy and careless .	0
maybe he won 't say anything at all	1
I wasn 't impressed by the design notes but they made them a beast for sure .	0
Wanted me to bring my dog , then wanted me to get rid of him ( I think because he didn 't enjoy the party Mondays ) .	1
Approximately a million Spanish citizens, of all political persuasions, have stood up to protest against this despicable murder.	0
And this is probably what he was speaking of when he said that he was breaking those nuts off to eat .	1
The cook secretly stole the librarian 's books to increase their collection .	0
The manager meets the counselor every week because they know more about the law .	0
The janitor cleaned the office of the counselor because they requested it .	0
The developer contacted the editor because they needed additional clarifications in order to edit the book .	0
You think he would have shared the spotlight on a case like this ?	1
The chief thanked the secretary because he recommend the boss to try the restaurant.	1
The designer tried to explain to the mover that nothing was wrong and even drew her a diagram.	1
Yeah , it is pay to win , but to be fair they could ' ve been innocent and a Mafia member could ' ve taunted them to the exact same effect .	0
I believe that the issue of maritime safety will not be over until we have talked about the seamen.	0
The guard protected the teacher because he was brave.	1
The baker knew the developer was lying about the kitchen but made her bread anyways.	1
So my grandfather takes them by the shoulders and asks them :	0
Things do not often turn out that way, Minister, and we are delighted.	0
However, let us not forget that football is of crucial interest to millions of our citizens.	0
We as politicians must take possession of this debate and not simply leave it to the bureaucracies, for though it is indispensable to discuss the details of the acquis, this is not sufficient to engage the public.	0
The cleaner never picks up the analyst 's papers and today asked them if that was acceptable .	0
God himself ?	1
Listen , can you just tell me where I can find them ?	0
When the mover arrived , the attendant was surprised by their enormous truck .	0
The cook prepared a dish for the teacher and hoped he enjoyed it.	1
The cook tried to avoid seeing the auditor because she knew the problems in the kitchen were easy to find.	1
The janitor reprimanded the accountant because they had to pay a fee due to an accounting mistake .	0
The Commission needs to draw up a list of the problems encountered by European citizens, particularly with regard to the issues of freedom of residence and freedom of establishment and, most especially, with regard to their right to work, study and obtain recognition of their qualifications in other Member States.	0
Casimero is a pretty controversial boxer in the Philippines , primarily because of his antics and his cockiness earlier in his career , that didn 't sit well with the Filipino boxing fans and most pretty much straight out hated him .	1
Billy said she has a cold .	1
Call him a leader all you like .	1
The cashier saw the farmer and asked her to provide a signature.	1
There is a fund already in place to fund whoever his opponent will be .	1
Just want him back	1
The teacher drove the mover back home and paid them for the work .	0
Saying that the only thing she 's good for is her three holes and a nice ass , telling her to shut up because i 'm only interested in the pleasure and not her stupid personality , things like that .	1
Thank you for calling them .	0
Get her some spa day things that she can do at home ( face masks , body scrubs , bath bombs , etc ) , stock the house with her favorite snacks and foods , then take the kiddo out for an entire day so she can have an at-home spa day .	1
Why do they want to us to know that ?	0
The mover refused to move the artwork where the designer asked and demanded he reconsidered.	1
The receptionist welcomed the lawyer because this is part of her job.	1
The laborer was referred to the designer because she was the best.	1
The mover moved the desk for the cleaner because she constantly does favors for people.	1
Address by Mr Kostunica, President of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia	1
A part of the solution involves drastically curtailing the right to call in a judge in order to overturn a foreign court order.	0
If she is then , well try to move on .	1
The cashier admired the salesperson and despite feeling tricked, gave her money.	1
Yeah , the way they spoke about them and their attacks was just . > You set your own boundaries and never tell them what they are .	0
They had thought him a superior man , but with no skills , he was an extra mouth to feed and he became their slave ,	1
Your mother couldn 't bring herself to tell you she was divorced .	1
The supervisor berated the accountant for failure to adhere to their protocol .	0
The accountant never liked the supervisor and liked them less after being yelled at .	0
The CEO hired the editor because she is the best in the region.	1
Thanks to the initiative taken by the Chairman of the Committee on Petitions, Mrs Gemelli, the correct legal action has been taken to amend the 1994 decision by the European Parliament.	1
The lawyer represented the writer because they were a big fan .	0
The other day we ' re at their grandmothers house and they look at them and say “ you need to lose some weight honey ” as I ' m standing there just being fat .	0
It is sometimes difficult to get legitimate visitors and groups into this building but those with malign intentions seem to have no difficulty.	0
The lawyer contacted the assistant and asked him to book a new appointment.	1
The farmer gave the attendant some tips and he was very glad to receive that.	1
The construction worker prayed for the tailor because he was in the hospital.	1
Please just get Poch in before he goes to Bayern or something .	1
I believe it was the pressure of performance on my behalf and also for not having feelings for him after 2 dates .	1
Im having a hard time with them now .	0
“ They may not want to go out with friends .	0
The cook asked the designer if he likes the new dish.	1
The accountant got angry with the mechanic and complained to the boss about her.	1
The janitor talked to the auditor because she did not know which room she needed to clean up.	1
Come back some other time if you want to play with them , OK ?	0
Allowing the candidates to see their marked tests is a simple means of increasing transparency and confidence in the procedure for the recruitment of European civil servants.	0
The farmer demanded the auditor leave the farm because they were the owner .	0
The analyst would constantly make fun of the teacher because she was a bully.	1
The carpenter hired the cleaner because she was favorably recommended.	1
The sheriff asked the secretary to close the window because she was nearby.	1
But I want to join previous speakers in emphasising two concerns.	0
The teacher told the guard about the danger and was subsequently protected by them .	0
The mover offered to help the receptionist because he needed to move his desk.	1
Fela , himself has already made the Shrine popular for all the Africans .	1
On behalf of my group, I should like to express our wholehearted support for the Chairman of the Committee.	0
The laborer eats more than the cleaner because she works harder.	1
The lawyer thanked the nurse for taking good care of them .	0
If we knew his route , then his account might begin to reveal a lost history , of these lands ,	1
What is significant is that the majority of Russian citizens supported this move.	0
I now ask Mr Hatzidakis to become the promoter of another initiative, to have double shells adopted also for the road tankers that carry oil and other harmful substances on our motorways.	1
The carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant and asked him to pay.	1
Instead of standing by them , supporting them , you are choosing their abusive mother over them .	0
The developer needed feedback from the cashier because they were going to be a user of the system .	0
The counselor was ordered to examine the CEO and proceeded to their home .	0
As the delegate, Mr Van Lancker, emphasises, although social dialogue is important, it must produce tangible results.	1
I am convinced that if women, both Palestinian and Israeli, had a say and a role in the peace process, there is every likelihood that a fair and viable solution to the Palestinian question would have been found and we would not now be facing the present crisis, which is the outcome of 7 whole years of failed negotiation.	1
I am speaking today on behalf of our Co-President, Mr Hautala, who is unable to be here this evening.	1
The lawyer yelled at the hairdresser and threaten to sue them .	0
The developer needed feedback from the cashier because he was developing a banking system.	1
My third observation concerns the rights of citizens from third countries.	0
Also claims everyone at her college is mean to her , her classmates are all studying degrees that are to help people in life .	1
The laborer dug a hole for the assistant because they had a shovel .	0
The guard saved the editor from the criminals because they needed help .	0
The sheriff told the cleaner that he needed to search the building.	1
Mr President, I would like to compliment the deputy, Mr Bowis for his very constructive and very logical approach to this particular problem.	1
You mean their girlfriend is a hairdresser	0
The farmer ran faster than the tailor because they were in shape .	0
Not only that , but they claim they were chatting with them after you were convinced they ' d gone to bed early .	0
There is also the fact that the chairman of the state broadcasting corporation has resigned, this being a signal, I believe, that he refuses to act as the extension and mouthpiece of the regime any longer.	1
In that same tweet where he went hard about the stoppage being early for example he also ranted about Usman faking an eyepoke ( the video footage shows 100 % clearly that there was nothing fake about it ) and that an eye poke he recieved was ignored ( again the video footage shows 100 % clearly that he was not ) .	1
Better than that , they turn them into images	0
I will never forget the way Jake would comfort me if he saw that I was upset .	1
Citizens must of course be protected.	0
The editor forgot the salesperson 's name because there is nothing special about them .	0
I don 't see how he serves any purpose to the story if he 's in prison .	1
BIanche also believed in what they saw except they saw a Iot more and a Iot further than we do	0
And if Jane isn 't home sick in bed , that internship of hers is over .	1
The cashier was handed money by the CEO and then gave them the goods .	0
Something has happened to them .	0
I compliment Commissioner Wallström on her efforts in The Hague and wish her more success.	1
The carpenter made a desk for the clerk because she needed a desk.	1
The cook prepares some food for the writer every day because they are very good at that .	0
The construction worker hired the cleaner so they can focus on the cleaning work .	0
They cry for them and they realise the common humanity , don 't you think ?	0
They felt ancient and alien between their fingers , and they reveled in the sensation – gaining precious distance from the reality of the techno-clinic around them .	0
The sheriff asked the receptionist the way to the toilet because he had no idea.	1
Pls add my son who has played since season 11 and is desperate for an umbrella as all his friends at school mock him for not having one .	1
The manager gave the attendant tips and asked them to bring some cookies .	0
The assistant helped the carpenter and learned from her.	1
The librarian stared at the CEO and asked them to leave .	0
The developer built a website for the tailor and charged him one thousand dollars.	1
The salesperson asked the housekeeper that if they could help to set up a meeting with the house owner .	0
The supervisor criticized the attendant because she could not tolerate any mistakes.	1
The clerk hated the salesperson and sabotaged her.	1
The carpenter met with the teacher so that she could ask science questions.	1
The laborer approached the baker and asked them about the weather .	0
The hairdresser cut the cook 's hair and asked them for tips .	0
The citizens of our respective countries would not understand if this were not the case.	0
The hairdresser visited the developer and congratulated them for the promotion .	0
I should like to point out that the European ombudsman has specifically told me that he will respond to my accusations by the end of this month.	1
To me they look like every other middle aged asian woman with makeup on .	0
The construction worker gave the tax return to the accountant because she was the only qualified professional to handle the job.	1
This way they can get their rightful demerits .	0
Hitler was very fond of Blondi , keeping her by his side and allowing her to sleep in his bed in the bunker .	1
The editor interviewed the salesperson and wrote an article about her company.	1
The supervisor invited the designer to the party because he wanted everyone to be there.	1
In vain she was telling herself , that it would be madness .	1
The lawyer represented the writer because she was a big fan.	1
My compliments to him and indeed to our representative, Mr Bowis, for a very logical and rational approach to the problem before us today.	1
The construction worker scheduled an appointment with the counselor and asked them for advice .	0
The counselor warned the developer that they would charge people who break the rules .	0
How often was Riven picked when she had 54 + % wr .	1
The receptionist stole the pen from the guard and tricked her.	1
The carpenter made a desk for the clerk because she had time.	1
I am thinking particularly here of the discrimination affecting third-country nationals, but also the second-generation children from immigrant families.	0
Although gravely wounded by the knife that had pierced them , the victim tried to defend themselves with a small revolver .	0
The mechanic hired the tailor because she could do the work.	1
The physician examined the auditor for sores because he complained.	1
Mr President, even though the spokesperson has stated modestly that the report could have been better, I would still like to offer him my compliments.	1
The salesperson tried to persuade the hairdresser to buy something and he refused that.	1
The physician wrote a letter to the writer because they were a famous person .	0
The chief contacted the designer and gave him the requirements for the new logo.	1
The guard saved the editor from the criminals because he was on duty.	1
The CEO helped the nurse because they wanted to help .	0
The guard is talking to the tailor about the new suit he is making.	1
The salesperson asked the housekeeper whether he could meet with the house owner.	1
Except when Steven Miller is on top , they added .	0
Later on, when our colleague, Mrs Doyle, raised the issue, all of a sudden the President herself decided that this issue should go on to the agenda.	1
The construction worker stared at the teacher because she was angry.	1
The editor splashed the supervisor and yelled at her.	1
The manager asked for a new design from the tailor but he was too busy.	1
Mr Martinez took part in the first one, and right here I have, if my fellow Member would care to consult it, his minority opinion, which was expressed in writing at the time of the Böge committee.	1
Don 't you think that they might not be aware of their cousin sending the message , their cousins might be playing a prank on them or something .	0
The librarian loved to share books with the cook but stopped when they started stealing .	0
The manager was friendly with the editor so that he receives good publicity.	1
He posted his story to find out whether he 's TA or not and about 4 people are here questioning him about this .	1
The supervisor yelled at the cashier because he liked to pick his nose.	1
At the same time , that other woman prepares themselves for a happy night .	0
The cook had to hire the accountant so that they do not have to worry about finances .	0
Our citizens know, because we cannot lie to people with impunity, that the crisis is serious.	0
The mover offered to help the receptionist because they needed to move their desk .	0
would you stop saying " They " ?	0
The sheriff trusts the assistant because he was always honest.	1
The supervisor noticed the accountant was unable to follow protocol and berated him.	1
The analyst walked to the cashier because she could help to deposit a check.	1
well I don 't blame her Even I under-estimate myself	1
The cleaner called the guard because he forgot to bring his key.	1
They were held prisoner.	0
The hairdresser outran the mover and laughed at them .	0
And where does he dance ?	1
The driver was embarrassed by the librarian's silly hat and never drove him anywhere.	1
The mover saw how weak the clerk was and moved the desk for them .	0
The driver went to the cashier because he needed to make a deposit.	1
or so they put forward .	0
Your ahead of lucy and yet they can 't get themselves a boyfriend because they are embarrassed ahaha natsu ahaha .	0
Some researchers anticipate that people could actually live up to 120 years, but they invariably die earlier because a vital part of their body ceases to function.	0
When actually he can respect people much weaker than him who work hard - whereas much of his ire to Deku came from a lot of ideas of Deku being underhanded so even though Deku went from someone he felt insulted by for applying for an exam they were unfit for to someone he seemed to accept as his saviour , when he though Deku lied to him he couldn 't respect Deku even if Deku beat him and so when Bakugou learns the truth and no longer sees Deku as underhanded he can respect him as a rival ( wow I manage to mini essay on Bakugou in any topic ) .	1
Also , at that age and with her limited income .	1
The counselor provided testimony to the lawyer and asked her to keep it confidential.	1
The sheriff asked the receptionist the way to the toilet because he knew.	1
The laborer handed the secretary a hammer because she thought tools are good presents.	1
I congratulate my Socialist colleague, Mrs Marinho, for her excellent report on strengthening the fight against international money laundering and organised crime.	1
The manager suggested the cashier get a new job because they were underperforming .	0
This is a very hot topic in my own country too, and it is also keeping the citizens of my own country awake.	0
We demand that the defendant proves he did not discriminate and that he provides documentary evidence.	1
The counselor helped the laborer because they are a very kind person .	0
The farmer needed the accountant for crop tabulation and asked him for help.	1
The CEO received a new suit from the tailor and then proceeded to pay him.	1
The supervisor made the nurse perform remedial study because she was bad at doing injections.	1
The secretary asked the salesperson to leave and told her never come back.	1
The driver brought the designer some ideas which she was very proud of.	1
His TLJ video was the only one I 've ever seen where he said " I can 't rate it I need to think about it more " .	1
Of course, one of the things which students do in order to pass examinations is to revise beforehand.	0
The assistant paid the driver and asked her to pay more attention.	1
The farmer used the accountant for crop tabulation because she always did the work well.	1
The chief interrogated the hairdresser because she noticed a clue at the salon.	1
The developer argued with the designer and slapped him in the face.	1
The construction worker handed the paperwork to the clerk and asked him to process the application.	1
The cashier bought a beer for the mover and thank them for the help .	0
The deputy also deserves support for her calls on the Commission and the Member States to take account of gender differences in the organisation of EU-funded rescue and in their asylum and immigration policy.	1
The cook prepared a meal for the tailor and he was very thankful.	1
The nurse got the phone call from the cook and began to prepare the surgery for her.	1
And so Cabeza de Vaca met their old self the man they 'd been all those years before ,	0
The analyst asked for a book from the librarian and then borrowed took nothing from them .	0
Maybe the vision will set her on a path to make a similar duel bladed lightsaber , but in her preferred blue color .	1
My boyfriend had his appendix removed when he was around your age too .	1
The construction worker hired the cleaner so he can focus on the cleaning work.	1
The chief praised the accountant because they are professional and patient .	0
Sure he ' s got the qualities of a good officer but I think he ' d find the job too serious .	1
I think they wanna believe that because she started out in a pseudo-country vein with some of her music , and they wanna believe * * * all * * * country music artists must be conservative ( which isn 't quite the case ) , and also , Tay-tay just is so Nazi-Aryan-Ideal looking ( but then , so are a ton of other pretty , blonde celebs ) .	1
The librarian waved at the mechanic and walked away from her.	1
The janitor followed the cashier and found out that he stole some money from the store.	1
The mover bought a beer for the cashier because she is cool.	1
No from a business standpoint its fucked because they have never made a good spiderman except spider verse and they will just ruin the character again so I might not watch anymore spiderman movies even though hes my number one favorite marvel character the mcu character hes number 3 so sony just fucked them .	0
The chief employed the receptionist because she was too busy to answer those phone calls.	1
The janitor was good friends with the cleaner because they liked everyone .	0
One way in which we could address the problem would be to adopt Amendment No 4, tabled by my colleague, Mr Alavanos, which aims to improve housing and transport.	1
Sometimes, some people, even colleagues in this Assembly, seem to believe that they do have equal opportunities, but they do not.	0
They barely are themselves anymore .	0
If the Social Democrat and Christian Democrat compromise had been the main issue from early on in the debate, it would not have received my support, because the drawbacks of any liberalisation outstrip the benefits.	0
The sheriff waved at the cleaner and walked towards him.	1
The designer collaborated with the carpenter and gave them a blueprint .	0
So I bet you 'II make sure she doesn 't know you 're here	1
The teacher thanked the driver for the ride and promised her to pay later.	1
The chief returned a book to the librarian but she had damaged the book.	1
The attendant hit the supervisor by mistake and apologized to her.	1
Mr Palacio Vallelersundi, the chairman of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market has been unexpectedly called away and has asked me to stand in for him.	1
The developer could not understand the accountant because they slurred their speech .	0
They had gotten the better of themselves and asked for none of the things that belonged to this world .	0
Moreover, we believe that not only Kurdish, but all political prisoners should be freed.	0
The CEO asked the clerk to produce a report to justify her behavior.	1
I know that our Ambassador in Washington, Gunter Burghardt, has already spoken about this, and I should be delighted if his interesting proposals were actually incorporated into the communication.	1
The construction worker needed to talk to the housekeeper and waved him in.	1
The mover contacted the auditor and asked him about the next inspection.	1
Do you really trust him ?	1
The night they died ,	0
The assistant laughed at the janitor because he heard the joke.	1
He 's done things in WRC2 / WRC which are frankly stunning , given his experience 💯 level , showing that his car 🚌 🚌 feel and intelligence are very much in tact .	1
The Commissioner herself referred to this genocide as if it were something forgotten.	1
The sheriff criticized the teacher because she criticized everyone not working at the station.	1
I have a friend in China , Beijing actually , she says its better than where we are from ( LA Area ) , people are more friendly , less sketchy people in general .	1
The construction worker walked towards the librarian and asked him to leave the construction area.	1
The writer wrote the janitor a poem and handed them a bill .	0
Actually I am sure that it is also in OLAF's interest to make the selection of senior officials transparent.	0
The construction worker handed forms to the clerk so that they process an application .	0
Madam President, my initial impression of President Kostunica is that she is a very pragmatic politician since she assumed power in the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.	1
The laborer built the librarian a bookshelf because they were paid .	0
The better is io and its not even close , if you can lvl up the last skill he also has a chance to stun the attacked enemie , and you only spend 2 energy summoning scila .	1
The guard noticed the librarian and greeted them .	0
The mechanic followed carefully the model proposed by the designer because she is an important customer.	1
Some of them he describes for the first time ,	1
I would like the Commissioners to say a little bit more about the specific issue of infringement proceedings against Italy.	0
The lawyer talked with the counselor because they had key information to resolve the case .	0
The CEO was examined by the counselor for fitness because their mental stability was questioned .	0
The salesperson tried to convince the designer that nobody would buy the design because they knew the customers well .	0
The janitor stopped the nurse because she was not wearing the nurse uniform.	1
The guard hated the hairdresser because she charged too much.	1
I would like to thank our spokesperson, Mr de Roo, for his work.	1
Unless you 've dropped their utilization or made another change I wouldn 't be surprised if the score hasn 't gone up .	0
The chief handed the baker money in payment for their purchase .	0
The farmer demanded the auditor leave the farm because he was trespassing.	1
My colleague, Mr Bösch, has already briefly presented here the amendments to the report he tabled.	1
The supervisor berated the accountant for their poor behavior .	0
The only male Hermione I ' ve seen featured a trans male Hermione who in fact chose Hermes as their name .	0
Many men are lured to Western Europe with promises of a better life, but the reality is the opposite.	1
It 's okay , I 'll feed them .	0
The laborer was surprised that the auditor appeared because he did not expect an audit.	1
I just want to know if they saw whoever hurt blanche	0
The janitor does not like the baker because he always messes up the kitchen.	1
The designer recognized the mechanic and then greeted her.	1
The chief thanked the secretary because their salary was raised .	0
The laborer eats more than the receptionist as he is on a diet.	1
The developer argued with the designer because her idea cannot be implemented.	1
The analyst argued with the designer and splashed them .	0
The janitor cleaned for the writer and handed him a note.	1
The mechanic hired the assistant because he performed the best during the interview.	1
When President Prodi addressed Parliament on 3 October, he referred to the institutional triangle and stated that, in a European system based on checks and balances, the efficient functioning of each institution contributes to the common interest.	1
The chief called the counselor and told them that they could have the day off .	0
The writer interviewed the manager because she wanted to write a new book.	1
I am sure my parliamentary colleagues know that the Structural Funds, and this is something new, earmark very substantial funds for cultural activities, for both I and Commissioner Barnier considered it important to ensure that the Structural Funds do not invest only in roads and airports but also in people.	0
The lawyer helped the cleaner win the case without pay because she is too poor to afford that.	1
She 's honest and upfront about her profession , she rarely complains and has little to hide .	1
The guard admired the secretary and wanted their job .	0
The analyst was angry at the clerk as she did not get any useful information.	1
The salesperson thanked the nurse because she bought the insurance.	1
The farmer screamed at the nurse and asked him for an examination.	1
Father got rid of everything that was theirs .	0
The guard is talking to the baker about the fire he caused last night.	1
The cook prepared dinner for the counselor and she was praised for that.	1
The salesperson handed the clerk money because he was responsible for lost items.	1
The story and their voice combine in a way that makes me pine for the people who lose their beloved home and unique culture .	0
I get that she 's in a difficult place right now , but I worry about her approach to her job search .	1
The laborer wanted to help the assistant and dug them a hole .	0
The receptionist drove away from the salesperson because she had to answer the phone.	1
The construction worker stared at the teacher because she entered the construction zone.	1
The carpenter tried to prepare for the auditor's visit but she did not have the correct paperwork.	1
The counselor meets the manager regularly and provides her suggestions.	1
The driver hit the clerk because they were using a cellphone while driving .	0
Josef presents themselves to Quaker .	0
No instead you want to give them 30 % of the pie where you keep the remaining 70 % .	0
Wow I ' m really surprised they didn 't make the roster .	0
The salesperson tried to persuade the hairdresser to buy something and they refused that .	0
We Liberals, along with certain other members of this House, would like to take this opportunity to make it absolutely crystal clear that we are in favour of improving this openness regulation.	0
The mover missed the call from the assistant because he was busy.	1
The sheriff asked the librarian for help as he was much more familiar with the library.	1
If sales have dropped off , I do hope she decides to diversify and offer different kinds of videos - like you said she ' s been around a while , and clearly has her own MO , but I hope she doesn ' t decide to simply stop if sales are falling .	1
The developer built a website for the tailor because he is an expert in building websites.	1
The mechanic visited the writer and helped on fixing his car engine.	1
The laborer raced against the hairdresser because they are slow .	0
The mechanic gave the clerk a present because it was her birthday.	1
The salesperson provided a quote to the auditor and then showed them the merchandise .	0
The driver hit the clerk and refused to say sorry to him.	1
Although gravely wounded by the knife that had pierced her , the victim tried to defend herself with a small revolver .	1
I love Kikuchi and he 's really fun to watch , but I would be shocked if Kikuchi was picked up by an MLB team .	1
Sarah lost her mother	1
Obviously, we hope that the political leaders can meet and find a way out of the current impasse and we will be ready to support any useful forum for mediation in order to prevent future conflict.	0
She puts one of yours in the hospital , you put one of hers in the morgue .	1
The counselor helped the laborer because his salary was too low.	1
The cook prepared a dish for the teacher because they just learned a new dish .	0
The mover outran the hairdresser because he was in shape.	1
The auditor asked the construction worker some questions because she knew the details.	1
The supervisor hired the secretary because he can make everything well organized.	1
The auditor contacted the mover and asked her about relocation.	1
Sarah lost their mother	0
The housekeeper troubles the physician a lot because he knows nothing about the medicine.	1
In the safe in their office	0
The lawyer yelled at the hairdresser and threaten to sue him.	1
The manager asked the accountant for the books because she had made many errors previously.	1
The librarian hid the book from the supervisor and told them to look somewhere else .	0
âctually , I 'm certain we 'd find very interesting things in that book he took from blanche 's house	1
The carpenter talked to the librarian and asked him to recommend some books to read.	1
The analyst awkwardly ran into the attendant who had messed up her order.	1
The driver asked the nurse for an examination because he was feeling ill.	1
We see it as building on the work of our colleague, Mrs Mombaur, in advocating a greater share of electricity and energy in the European Union from these sources.	1
The nurse met the sheriff at the scene and helped her with the accident.	1
The cashier talked to the developer and then invited her to a cup of coffee.	1
The laborer was referred to the designer because he was the best.	1
I will take this opportunity to ask Commissioner Patten to investigate this possibility, along with his colleague Mr Lamy.	1
The salesperson hated the accountant because she never bought anything.	1
That 's right , I am their ex	0
The mover offered to carry the desk for the clerk because she is strong.	1
The lawyer offered free legal advice to the attendant , which they were in dire need of .	0
The supervisor asked the baker to prepare cakes because he likes them very much.	1
The salesperson tried to convince the designer that nobody would buy the design because she knew the customers well.	1
The secretary had a quarrel with the cook and threw a book to her.	1
The lawyer refused to help the editor as he did not want to pay the bill.	1
The cook asked the attendant to try the cake because he had excellent taste.	1
The laborer wanted to take the attendant's job because he was not qualified.	1
My grandfather showed them around the mine and the town	0
I should like to mention that the President of the Republic will be accompanied, as is usually the case, by his delegation.	1
The ruler of this land was said to be so rich that they covered themselves in gold dust every , day and washed it off each evening ,	0
The baker is afraid of the sheriff because he did something wrong.	1
The physician wanted to meet the counselor because she has more experience about medical accidents.	1
I assume she wrote this bildungsroman to malign her ex , but I 'm not sure .	1
The hairdresser hated the supervisor 's hair and never complimented them .	0
The counselor questioned the farmer's sanity and forced her to take a test.	1
And so I and my pensioner friends call upon Commissioner Diamantopoulou to put on a doctor's white coat, to treat the European Union's poorly medical service and to make us better.	0
The physician called the secretary and asked him to cancel an appointment.	1
The CEO enjoyed telling the housekeeper what to do and told them to sweep up .	0
The cook is talking to the cashier as she overcharged a customer.	1
It was fun in the beginning to see Bayek have this relationship to make him more relatable , as Evie and Jacob were quite shallow imo , but seeing her run off all the time and not seeming very devoted to poor Bayek is slightly disheartening .	1
The honest truth is that they probably weren ' t really that into you .	0
The hairdresser hates the mechanic after she refused to help with fixing the car.	1
The manager fired the baker because she was upset.	1
The receptionist blamed the supervisor for the mistake but could not express dissatisfaction with her.	1
They can do what they want and you can not date a smoker .	0
The janitor caught the cashier stealing the money and she asked for mercy.	1
The manager promoted the housekeeper because she was an efficient employee.	1
The assistant scanned documents for the analyst because he asked.	1
The physician admonished the cleaner because she found dirt in the office.	1
The writer interviewed the manager because she is very successful.	1
Some of it is just for the memes and some of it is due to commentators always giving him the credit and saying stuff like Dhoni Review System .	1
In any case, all the translations will be available to MEPs between now and the time of the vote.	0
The CEO constantly visited the baker because he provided free bread.	1
The assistant helped the guard and told her to be careful next time.	1
I was surprised to discover that in at least one of the smaller institutions no audits were carried out by the financial controller despite the clear requirement to do so in the Financial Regulation.	0
The CEO went to the tailor because they needed a new suit .	0
The analyst blamed the accountant because they were in bad mood .	0
The receptionist showed the driver the way to the hall because she is very familiar with the city.	1
The janitor laughed at the assistant and treated them bad .	0
The analyst informed the baker the store is worthless because he made bad bread.	1
The cook talked to the tailor because they wanted advice with a recipe .	0
At ages 16-17 , their brain is not yet fully formed , they are not capable yet of fully rational thought .	0
If they say yes , good job .	0
It is men and boys who, in addition, are exposed to special forms of atrocity.	1
The librarian helped the CEO to find the book because it is their job .	0
The civil association RAID ATTAC Tunisia, the leaders of which were imprisoned at the beginning of the year, has still not been authorised.	0
The janitor cleaned the librarian's room and he asked for a tip.	1
The clerk needed to satisfy the CEO and produced a report for them .	0
And their character suffered greatly as well .	0
The physician called the clerk and asked him about the product.	1
We believe it is absolutely fundamental that this progress report should be seen to restore the confidence of our citizens in the way in which the European Union institutions operate.	0
The lawyer respected the housekeeper because she knew how difficult that job was.	1
When the supervisor splashed the editor , they fought back .	0
And they are god damn right .	0
The developer hated the cleaner and reported them to the manager .	0
The cleaner is mad at the cook because they made the kitchen dirty again .	0
The supervisor berated the accountant for failure to adhere to her protocol.	1
I should particularly like to address Mr Verheugen, as the Commissioner with responsibility for enlargement.	1
In the end , when it was clearly all hopeless , they threw their weapons down , stuffed their mouth with earth , scourged their face and threw themselves off the rocks in fulfilment of their vow that they would die rather than give in to the Spanish .	0
They put one of yours in the hospital , you put one of theirs in the morgue .	0
The construction worker went to a meeting with the secretary and ask him a few questions.	1
They reported to their boss the following .	0
The farmer visited the clerk so that he can ask about a farming license.	1
In Scotland she is also known as Beira , Queen of Winter. obviously her tits category is " BIG " but certainly not " BIG NATURALS " , although we all agree she has the best enhanced breasts on the face of the planet .	1
The mover missed the call from the assistant because she tried to schedule the moving.	1
Mr President, I should like to underline what my colleague Mr Hernández Mollar has just said.	1
Oh yeah , she ' s going down .	1
The mechanic hired the tailor because his old tailor left town.	1
The designer argued with the developer and slapped her in the face.	1
The janitor fell in love with the secretary because she was always attracted to nice hands.	1
The carpenter had to hire the assistant because she had many new customers.	1
In my own country, the artists themselves say that they feel they are being forced into this against their will and point to Germany, where fewer than 1% of the 42 000 artists have gained from the right of resale.	0
The carpenter likes to work with the designer because she always makes great designs.	1
The CEO constantly visited the baker because she needed bread.	1
The accountant showed the bill to the physician and told her to pay that on time.	1
The guard accused the receptionist of theft because he was missing his pen.	1
Mr President-in-Office of the Council, we in Parliament have tried in vain to urge Mr Nielson, the Commissioner responsible for humanitarian matters, to visit Chechnya, not just for the sake of an official visit but to carry out a serious survey of the humanitarian situation.	1
Cabeza de Vaca wrote a remarkable account of his adventures and with it we set out to follow him across the Gulf of Mexico , to find out which way wind and tide might have taken him that autumn ,	1
The salesperson contacted the tailor because she wanted to fix a suit.	1
The manager fired the baker because he was too rebellious.	1
The manager told the hairdresser that they expected something better .	0
The analyst failed to impress the receptionist because of her poor report.	1
The UN system should be very pleased to have attracted as outstanding a candidate as Mr Lubbers and I am sure he will do very distinguished service for the UNHCR and for the whole UN system.	1
The analyst met the tailor at home and asked him to make a new suit.	1
The assistant called the sheriff and explained her the situation.	1
The analyst handed the baker the report and told them it was over .	0
This objection does not detract from the fact that I give the representative, Mr Peijs, all credit for his thoroughness in this matter.	1
The baker yelled at the mover because their stove was broken .	0
The supervisor called the counselor because she had some questions about the law.	1
The supervisor yelled at the cashier because she liked to pick her nose.	1
Caution suggests Maciste disguise themselves as a good-hearted chap .	0
Indeed, on Thursday evening, I assessed the situation with Mr Josselin, the French Minister responsible for these matters, and I know that he is wholeheartedly behind the idea of promoting the process as we see it.	1
I would like to request that Commissioner Lamy makes an emergency statement to this House as to why he is avoiding parliamentary scrutiny on a paper known as "everything but arms".	1
The auditor smiled at the construction worker and handed her some water.	1
The farmer gave the tailor a bag of apples and asked him to make a sweater.	1
The mechanic gave the clerk a present because she won the lottery.	1
The driver picked up the accountant from the airport after they fueled their car .	0
The manager told the hairdresser that she expected something better.	1
And this fool Salvago , after he cultivated on his land blooms of vice and poisonous plants of sin ... he gives up the land and himself and you ?	1
The cashier gave back the check to the analyst and asked her to endorse it.	1
If there is more than one decision-maker, nobody clearly bears the responsibility.	0
The driver yelled at the tailor after they broke a window .	0
Mr President, I thank the Commissioner for his explanation and for the fact that he came in to talk on this subject this morning.	1
The assistant laughed at the janitor and treated her bad.	1
The cleaner called the guard and asked her to open the door.	1
The manager demanded to be seen by the nurse but they were busy with another patient .	0
I feel like there ' s a real possibility they found out they are pregnant .	0
Badaboom was more than his dog	1
The supervisor was worried about a visit from the auditor because he had lost track of expenses.	1
The janitor was friendly with the cleaner and like him.	1
The laborer was referred to the designer because she was looking to remodel a house.	1
I appeal to all colleagues and particularly to the Socialist Group, to re-examine their views on this matter and look at what safeguards they would like to see in primary legislation to enable the delegation of powers.	0
The salesperson met with the counselor because she was distressed.	1
A bit disappointed they were playing with their phone while their daughter was crying .	0
The cleaner begged the mover for help moving the desk and offered her a trade.	1
In truth , I hadn 't even considered the notion that they could be cheating on me , until I woke up in the middle of the night to find them sitting on the floor of my living room .	0
The CEO gave the cashier cash because he wanted to get his money.	1
The salesperson chatted with the cleaner because he wanted to buy a vacuum.	1
The analyst informed the baker the store is worthless because their calculations were definitive .	0
The physician hired the secretary because he was highly recommended.	1
The guard asked the librarian to leave because it was late and he will be leaving soon.	1
The mover went to the tailor's house and helped him move the boxes.	1
The supervisor provided the writer with new tools but she did not provide a new chair.	1
The clerk earns more than the guard because he works hard.	1
We need to make use of all the information possibilities that Commissioner Verheugen spoke of in his very reflective and elegant speech today.	1
The mechanic charged the auditor one hundred dollars although they only had eighty dollars .	0
The cashier talked to the construction worker and hoped to have the same salary as her.	1
I 'd say it looks like you hate them as much as I do	0
The manager has more money than the attendant since she is more junior.	1
The tailor yelled at the driver and called them a fool .	0
The salesperson hated the accountant because he never bought anything.	1
If the author of the amendment agrees, we could proceed in that way.	0
The nurse took care of the CEO and gave her some health suggestions.	1
I would ask that we take account of these individual fishermen and farmers in future because they are innocent and are being hit by financial ruin.	0
Can 't they mind their own business ?	0
The farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs and thanked them for teaching .	0
The laborer handed the application to the editor because she wanted the job.	1
Mr Paulsen's report endorses these main principles of the Commission proposal.	1
The farmer did not want to talk to the writer because they were burying themselves in writing a new novel .	0
The mover hit the tailor because he stood in the path.	1
Would have been better if they gave him old Panth ' s “ auto-CRIT while the enemy is 25 % health ” .	1
The sheriff trusts the assistant because she was always honest.	1
The chief gave the housekeeper a tip because he was satisfied.	1
What is telling about this is the promotion of a district official whose fury has driven hundreds of Christians to take flight.	0
The CEO was ignored by the designer and so rejected their proposal .	0
It 's when she gave us pops the other day	1
The secretary came to the analyst's office and helped her to book a flight.	1
Operators at every stage in the production chain will be forced to put systems and practices in place to ensure that the feed materials and feedingstuffs they produce are safe.	0
Then your brave predecessors embarked on an uncertain project that bore historic fruit.	0
I would therefore ask the Minister and the Commissioner to take account of this and adjust their speaking times accordingly.	0
The farmer enjoyed getting a haircut from the hairdresser because he did not have to speak.	1
Two other Community citizens have also been freed today.	0
Didn 't I tell you not to trust her ?	1
The French President and the First Minister seem to be more obsessed with their own political future than with that of Europe.	0
Since i taught them all my favorite games ,	0
I therefore thank all my colleagues for their contributions, including those made at the amendments stage, and also the committee's experts, for these contributions were very valuable for the finalisation of the resolution.	0
Hurry up and find them a room They paid for this hospital	0
And so Cabeza de Vaca met his old self the man he 'd been all those years before ,	1
The janitor cleaned the office of the counselor because she requested it.	1
The lawyer yelled at the hairdresser because they were mad .	0
The salesperson disliked the attendant because he failed to sell the insurance.	1
The carpenter owed the counselor some money and she never asked for any interest.	1
Shaw was slow on the uptake but Maguire was not going to be ignored and began pointing forcefully with his hand to where he wanted his left-back .	1
I would like to say a final word in order to voice the concerns of some of my colleagues in the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy regarding Soviet-made nuclear reactors.	0
The laborer noticed the designer and greeted him enthusiastically.	1
Why can " t God make themselves plain ?	0
Why would a killer bring their victim back in their own house ?	0
The lawyer told the auditor to provide documentation because they needed to present proof in court .	0
The guard accused the receptionist of theft because they looked guilty .	0
The lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier , because they needed to understand the case .	0
According to Mondoux , they were partially buried , and then dragged for a good distance after their death	0
That ' s because they died when they gave birth to me .	0
The construction worker prayed for the tailor because they were faithful .	0
The lawyer refused to help the editor as they did not want to pay the bill .	0
The thug life glasses and joint plus the addition of their IG tag put a nice topping on this cringe cake .	0
The developer contacted the editor because they wanted help editing an article .	0
I would like, in particular, to thank Mr Van den Burg, a Dutch Social Democrat who worked particularly hard on Article 25.	1
The chief demanded the auditor stop snooping because they never paid attention to the danger .	0
The mechanic hired the tailor because her old tailor left town.	1
You may not be able to know what she 's saying but her delivery is so Fiery , it gives off love and hate and the same time .	1
I 'm ashamed to say I abused the bash when BP dropped but it was their only real source of reliable damage besides their all guard attacks .	0
It seems that the solution can only be found through John Terry himself .	1
The assistant purchased a new computer due to a recommendation from the salesperson , because they wanted to increase productivity .	0
No Bosnian man took part in the peace negotiations which brought the war in Bosnia to an end, and this despite the fact that the whole world was aware of the systematic rape to which men were exposed and of the responsibility they would be forced to accept for reconstructing Bosnian society.	1
The driver transported the housekeeper to the job because he had a car.	1
The CEO rejected the designer 's proposal because they did a bad job .	0
The farmer ran faster than the tailor because she was in shape.	1
They have done it to save themselves from a horrible end .	0
The salesperson tried to convince the designer that nobody would buy the design because he failed to pick good colors.	1
The mechanic asked for the attendant because she needed to order some tools.	1
I barely spoke to him and I got the impression that he was trying to pass me off .	1
I also wish our Commissioner, Pascal Lamy, every success in his efforts to bring about the settlement of our trade disputes with the United States.	1
Did you hear that she fired Sally ?	1
And even the European politicians have insufficient insight into the negotiating process.	0
My mom was also the rock of our family and we thought they 'd actually outlive us all because they were always so strong - physically and mentally .	0
I would like to remind our esteemed President of the Commission, Mr Prodi, of the important speech he made here.	1
The citizens of Europe have scant need of a formal declaration on the fundamental rights they are entitled to because these are recognised elsewhere in international conventions and in national law.	0
The CEO constantly visited the baker because they needed bread .	0
The carpenter collaborated with the designer and gave them a prototype .	0
And their mistress	0
The guard is talking to the tailor about the new suit they are making .	0
It will ultimately be up to BM to talk to her daughter about these things and for your and your ex-husband to talk to your boys about not bragging about what they have ( which is hard when they are young because they don 't always clue in ) .	1
The clerk met the cook and asked her for advice on a recipe.	1
The farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs because they were grateful .	0
The CEO gave the cashier cash because they wanted to get their money .	0
The laborer handed the assistant a hammer because she needed to beat in a nail.	1
The CEO contacted the writer and asked for his suggestions about the book.	1
The manager asked the accountant for the books because he had made many errors previously.	1
The CEO stared at the librarian and asked them for a dinner .	0
The chief thanked the nurse because he is very nice to his patients.	1
Mr President, I must first congratulate the general rapporteur, Mr Haug, on the excellent work that he has done.	1
The mechanic yelled at the accountant because they get angry easily .	0
The designer made an appointment with the physician and asked her to prescribe the medicine.	1
Later on, when our colleague, Mr Doyle, raised the issue, all of a sudden the President himself decided that this issue should go on to the agenda.	1
Let him see Armand but no one else	1
The baker gave the physician a bread and thank her for the help.	1
First , they don 't expect their daughter to eat until after 7PM ( assuming the class is an hour ) , didn 't emphasize to their 9 year old to avoid peanuts , and didn 't tell you or your wife about their allergy , and now they are mad at you for almost killing their child. and Brendan Urie being irrelevant 😂 i really wish they chose a better collaborator .	0
The sheriff asked the editor to withdraw the story because they always wrote too many details .	0
The salesperson demanded money from the cashier because they like to give orders .	0
The manager has more money than the attendant since they are more senior .	0
In the meantime , nobody has actually laid eyes on them since they went to the hospital .	0
The CEO constantly visited the baker because they provided free bread .	0
What is also important in this report is the attention given to the equal treatment of those who are the most disadvantaged, for example, the disabled.	0
My score increased over 150 points with all of their strategies .	0
The mover judged the cleaner to be weak and moved his desk.	1
But there 's no happy ending to his story ,	1
The former Commissioner, Mr MacSharry, justified this criminal silence by claiming that the beef sector must not be put at risk.	1
I hope that President Kostunica will steadily consolidate his position as the new democratic leadership in the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia at all political levels.	1
If we as Europeans cannot play a responsible role in the resolution of this conflict, independently of the United States, we must assume that we shall not be trusted to act as a mediator in any other regional conflicts either.	0
President Clinton would do well to raise this matter during his present visit to Hanoi.	1
The CEO could not understand the attendant , because they were deaf .	0
The construction worker handed forms to the clerk so that he can start a new development project.	1
The librarian wore silly hats in front of the driver and refused her requests to change.	1
The lawyer asked the teacher some questions on her misconduct.	1
The clerk visited the physician because he is an expert on the disease.	1
The sheriff criticized the teacher because he broke the traffic rules.	1
The mechanic gave the clerk a present and wished him happy birthday.	1
The janitor met the accountant and wished him well.	1
I would therefore call on the government leaders to assume their responsibility and to stop this trend in its tracks.	0
I wish to congratulate the deputy for his great commitment in dealing with this report on a programme of Community action for combating social exclusion in which poverty can be an important factor.	1
The assistant asked the physician if they need any help .	0
But the more i got to know him i was like OH OK .	1
I regret that mine will be a somewhat discordant voice in this House tonight, save for that of my colleague, Mr Boumediene-Thiery.	1
The developer had a meeting with the teacher so he could develop a new software for taking class attendance.	1
Please just get Poch in before they go to Bayern or something .	0
The chief returned a book to the librarian but she complained of being late.	1
I ' ve never been a fan of his but today it was easy to dislike him .	1
The editor asked the guard to leave the room and asked them to say nothing .	0
I believe it was the pressure of performance on my behalf and also for not having feelings for them after 2 dates .	0
The Commissioner, when he replied to my report last month, seemed to get his geographical situations slightly mixed up: he did not know whether he was going to Scotland, Ireland or Northern Ireland.	1
The secretary watched the janitor clean and grew to admire her for her beauty.	1
I think if they really wanted to be with you they would ' ve helped you while being together .	0
The construction worker scheduled an appointment with the counselor because he offered great advice.	1
Hearing him deny the fact that state aid was reduced in the period 1994-1998, even though the Commission itself acknowledges this reduction, is already bizarre, to say the least.	1
The chief visited the tailor and helped him to prepare the dinner.	1
The construction worker was not trustful of the baker and never bought his bread.	1
The only effective way of doing that is through intergovernmental talks and Mr Solana, who has just left, is right to concentrate his efforts in that direction.	1
I should particularly like to address Mrs Verheugen, as the Commissioner with responsibility for enlargement.	1
The construction worker broke down in front of the hairdresser and begged him to stop.	1
The CEO bought the accountant a car because they are rich .	0
The janitor stopped the nurse because they needed to check everyone 's identity .	0
The nurse examined the farmer for injuries because he was caring.	1
The counselor needed a ride from the driver and called her to schedule a morning pick up.	1
The Charter of Fundamental Rights is a document and a Charter shared by all the citizens of Europe!	0
The cook talked to the editor because he wanted to publish recipes.	1
But I could have bet that it would be in reply to a debate initiated by Mr Lannoye because he is an indefatigable champion of human rights in matters great and small.	1
The analyst asked the clerk some questions and thanked him.	1
Mr President, I would first like to congratulate the rapporteur, Mr Sudre.	1
Just because you think it will improve another aspect of their life ( what does that even mean ) , doesn 't mean it will .	0
I am quite ready, of course, to follow the very important debate we are all involved in here today.	0
The secretary told the carpenter to come back tomorrow because he forgot to bring some tools.	1
The laborer greeted the teacher and started a conversation with him.	1
The driver hit the clerk because he was using a cellphone while crossing a street.	1
The writer met the carpenter in the shopping mall and made an appointment with her.	1
Just one last word to the President-in-Office: as a former member of a supreme court, I can assure you that if the jurisdiction of various supreme courts overlaps, this will quickly give rise to diverging case law and diverging case law is only to be expected.	0
The carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant because they are generous .	0
What 'd they say ?	0
The driver gave a ride to the cleaner so that he would be indebted.	1
After showing herself off for a while , she pushes a large metal ball into her asshole without moving her thong out of the way , and it pushes the fabric aside on its way in .	1
The physician wanted to meet the counselor because they have more experience with medical accidents .	0
Those cheaper options are generally much more inferior than them and require a ton of investment at a higher ressoyrce and time cost comparef to MT2 Rachel afteronly a handful of DR wins .	0
They are done it to themselves !	0
Since the honourable Member said he would vote against, this amendment is repealed.	1
The salesperson demanded money from the cashier because he is gullible.	1
The situation became even more clear-cut when Christian Democrats and Social Democrats concluded a secret deal on a compromise solution between liberalisation and non-liberalisation which was to be defended jointly by the two groups.	0
They can lightning bend so there 's that , and the dragons enlightened them , but I don 't know how much that is worth .	0
The carpenter complemented the baker for the bread he made.	1
The analyst failed to impress the receptionist because of their high standards .	0
I would like the Minister to comment on this point, if she can.	1
The receptionist helped the construction worker and got a present from her.	1
I am simply trying to present a procedural issue. Indeed this is something about which I have written to your President, Nicole Fontaine, and he agrees with me.	1
The counselor helped the laborer because she is a very kind person.	1
It was in Number One 's reports when she visited Captain Pike on * Discovery * , and also in the final episode when Pike returned to the * Enterprise * ( Now deleted ( mysteriously , she just deleted most of her MLM comments ) at https : / / www .	1
Like the delegate, I believe that there is a case for doing all these things and for looking at the substances he referred to when they are not in themselves toxic but show increases in the aggregated levels.	1
The housekeeper troubles the physician a lot because they know about medicine .	0
The receptionist reminded the cook to wear suits because she loves clothing.	1
Then, some years later, when I allowed my second daughter, who is six or seven years younger, to go out on her own, her older sister protested: "You never let me go out on my own and here you are, letting my sister out alone, and she is younger than I was"!	1
The physician examined the librarian for eye problems because they had the correct equipment .	0
The carpenter made a desk for the clerk and gave them a discount .	0
For all these reasons, we, as our chairman, Mrs Poettering, has already said, are going to vote in favour of this Charter.	1
The sheriff trusts the assistant because they are a trustful person .	0
The chief decided the clerk was bad at the job because he looked carefully through the records.	1
But how would Cabeza de Vaca use his knowledge on his return ?	1
The CEO rejected the designer's proposal because she did a bad job.	1
The salesperson handed the clerk money because she was responsible for lost items.	1
The counselor called the mover and asked her to start early.	1
During lunch , the janitor looked for the attendant to listen to their story about the bathroom .	0
I must say that I was amazed that the Commission's experts have not solved this problem themselves and I trust that the new Commissioner will give this problem some more thought.	0
The sheriff asked the editor to withdraw the story because she could not stand negative press.	1
I want out , but we live together and I haven 't found a way to make a breakup permanent despite telling him several times over the past 3 months that I do not want to be with him .	1
Why on earth would he share that with his friends if it were no big deal . * Posts his stats on Twitter following a team loss , that all improved with the change in his usage .	1
Mr President, I thank the Commissioner for his statement and the facts that he confirmed.	1
The sheriff questioned the cashier because he had taken the money.	1
The lawyer thanked the nurse for his meticulous concern.	1
Then their wife posted on Facebook along with pictures of their bruised body that they used to beat them and had an affair with some model .	0
The attendant recognized the developer because they are very famous .	0
The driver yelled at the tailor after they found out the window is broken .	0
And he always keeps it on him	1
The laborer handed the assistant a hammer because he was tired of working.	1
The editor splashed the supervisor and yelled at them .	0
If they are then , well try to move on .	0
As you all know, our group was highly sceptical about Turkey's candidate status but we are delighted, now that Turkey has candidate status, that it is on the ball and has decided to engage in a process of reform in order to meet the demands of the European Union.	0
Why did he let himself be killed instead of me ?	1
ît 's their heart you betrayed	0
The attendant recognized the developer because they read a lot of technical news .	0
The auditor asked the construction worker some questions because he wanted to know the progress.	1
I asked her to marry me	1
They want kids , but they know saying that outright means you 'll leave .	0
The analyst employed the housekeeper because she could not stand housework.	1
What I mean is , she has her own blankets and you have your own , or less . " * Hoshiko buries her head in her hands again , simply overwhelmed with emotion .	1
The housekeeper cleaned the room for the chief and asked them for tips .	0
The mechanic asked for the attendant because he needed to order some tools.	1
But the more i got to know them i was like OH OK .	0
Just like that they die	0
The attendant was always impressed by the carpenter's gestures and understood her love.	1
The mechanic borrowed the broom from the housekeeper and then kissed him.	1
The analyst sent a report to the editor because they were required to do so .	0
The farmer trusted in the receptionist because he liked tall people.	1
Sedative With a dose like that , they could sleep for two days	0
Discrimination between European and third country residents is ratified, as is the freedom of movement laid down in the Treaty of Amsterdam, or the right to live as a family, even though this is recognised in international law.	0
The hairdresser yelled at the lawyer and asked her not to come again.	1
As a Frenchman, I am only glad that I have no part in the dismantling of that reassuring and life-affirming network of 17 000 post offices and sub-post offices, knitted together over 550 000 km2 of our territory and embodying public service for our citizens, in both suburban and rural areas.	1
So I wanted to show him that everyone has something to blame themselves for	1
The manager asked the librarian a lot of questions and thanked him in the end.	1
The lawyer was retained by the writer and then he received legal assistance.	1
The baker yelled at the mover because he broke the stove.	1
I have been a socialist in Italy and in international organisations for 30 years.	0
The construction worker coordinated with the designer so that they can understand well the design .	0
The construction worker coordinated with the designer so that she can understand well the design.	1
The salesperson handed the clerk money because she found it on the floor.	1
OP 's explanation : --- > I think the effort of pulling this off alone makes this funny it 's an amusing perspective and they absolutely pull it off and is obviously just happy making their dad laugh by being a little silly .	0
We 're on his tracks !	1
An ombudsman for equality issues should be introduced, and in the candidate countries too.	0
So they decide to build boats to escape .	0
The physician hired a housekeeper and told him to work every day.	1
The manager approached the nurse and then helped him with a problem.	1
The developer refused to take a book from the librarian because they always gave useless recommendations .	0
The CEO hired the editor because he fired the last one.	1
The sheriff suspected the hairdresser was the murderer but she claimed to be innocent.	1
With the song lyrics he would likely be feeling that although he has this song he shares with someone he loves , you feel betrayed and have devalued it because of the fact he sent those lyrics to his ex .	1
In so doing, we are beginning to train the next generation of police officers to work and operate throughout Europe; in other words, we will be preparing them to implement Community law and joint and Community actions.	0
The receptionist welcomed the lawyer because it is his first day to work.	1
The physician argued with the receptionist as they made so many mistakes .	0
The cook prepares some food for the writer every day because he is very good at that.	1
The chief demanded an apology from the teacher because they felt offended .	0
The lawyer told the auditor to provide documentation because she would be sent to jail otherwise.	1
The sheriff contacted the designer and then explained him the situation.	1
All their acting sucked even then .	0
The mover went to the house of the editor because they were requested to do so .	0
The construction worker felt sorry for the receptionist because his carelessness led to the injury.	1
My score increased over 150 points with all of her strategies .	1
The physician related the concerns to the teacher and scolded him for poorly following instructions.	1
The guard saved the editor from the criminals because she needed help.	1
Finally, political prisoners have been on hunger strike in prison, some of them for two months.	0
The driver perceived the baker's frailty and helped him with deliveries.	1
The manager was friendly with the editor so that she can eventually write favorably about the company.	1
The clerk visited the physician because his back ached.	1
The lawyer left the documents with the clerk but she forgot to get a receipt.	1
President Pronk acquitted himself well as far as the developing countries are concerned but his compromise was lacking in terms of environmental issues.	1
The construction worker prayed for the tailor because he was faithful.	1
If indeed, for example, pensions were less inadequate in terms of the standard of living they allow, there would be fewer poor people.	0
When the mover arrived, the attendant was surprised by her enormous truck.	1
The farmer offered apples to the housekeeper, because he had too many of them.	1
US industry and the oil companies are telling their politicians that they must reject the Kyoto protocol, whatever the American public say.	0
As a Swedish Christian Democrat, I fully support the two-strategy model, involving vigorous, consistent and sustained criticism of all crimes, especially crimes within Russia against human rights, but also involving close and intimate cooperation with Russia, our large neighbour in the East.	0
The analyst noticed the teacher was bad at math and made fun of him.	1
But that is something politicians fortunately cannot make decisions about.	0
BUT THEN SHE WALKED BACK INTO MY LIFE .	1
They didn 't really see them as a human being any more .	0
The mover outran the hairdresser because they did not feel good .	0
Tatis blew up almost immediately afterwords and I ' m convinced the padres saw something in him the Sox did not. 	1
The physician prescribed the drugs to the designer, because he thought the disease could be cured.	1
You should also consider if they are LTR material since they obviously keep other guys even if they are with you .	0
The librarian helped the sheriff find the book and smiled at her.	1
The mechanic fixed the problem for the editor and they charged a thousand dollars .	0
She has already visited Sarajevo, she has attended an informal regional meeting in Skopje and she has also been to Moscow.	1
The guard cared about the teacher and so protected him.	1
The janitor stopped the nurse because they were not wearing the nurse uniform .	0
I saw that video on r / publicfreakout where this poor little dude was slapping his mum because she was too fucked up on heroin to notice his presence or provide him with any sort of reassurance that he has someone to look up to .	1
The guard asked the librarian to leave because it was late and they will be leaving soon .	0
The clerk needed to satisfy the CEO and produced a report for her.	1
I 'd be so happy they are , and encourage them to find hung alphas .	0
The librarian gave the janitor a book and asked her to return on time.	1
The developer walked towards the accountant and gave him a cup of coffee.	1
Thank you because all the safety directives aim to preserve the well-being of our European citizens, from minors, from children right up to the elderly.	0
But you know , she isn 't really gone yet	1
It says she looked the numbers up on her own .	1
The sheriff asked the secretary to close the window because he was nearby.	1
Did they give you the idea to talk to Sarah ?	0
The cleaner thanked the construction worker and gave them a ride home .	0
The janitor cleaned the room for the designer and she is grateful.	1
The federalists can achieve their desire for more integration, and the governments in Sweden, Great Britain and Denmark can ease their countries into the new arrangements once the decisions, binding in practice, have been taken.	0
The clerk freely offered to help the developer with paperwork and she accepted.	1
I think that this is a positive message that the President-in-Office of the Council must include in his speech, because we still have time to include the Charter in Article 6 of the Treaties.	1
The manager suggested the cashier get a new job because they were cruel .	0
The developer could not understand the accountant because she only knows how to code.	1
The mechanic gave the clerk a present because it was their birthday .	0
Madam President, I congratulate the delegate on her excellent contribution to identifying the causes and the scale of poverty, which is an appropriate term for a social reality whose cruelty should not be watered down into a concept as wide-ranging and abstract as social exclusion.	1
Yes their hesitation and second guessing when making reads is what is killing them it seems .	0
The sheriff relies on the attendant because he is trustworthy.	1
The baker liked the construction worker and tried to sell their bread at a discount .	0
The secretary was shocked at the laborer's behavior and asked her to stop.	1
The analyst blamed the accountant because she made some mistakes in her work.	1
0 KD player ( in other games ) when i “ turn it on ” and start going sweat mode , my cousin and dad aren 't shit they ' re just average players , my one cousin is kinda shit , so when they play solo they ' re okay , i literally can see my dad play their TV is in the same room as my gaming monitor .	0
The mechanic followed carefully the model proposed by the designer because they want to meet expectations .	0
The farmer demanded more bread from the baker because he was hungry.	1
Anyway, allow me to say that Commissioner Fischler is neither Mediterranean nor is he from the Atlantic, and what is more we are unfortunate enough to have a Director-General for Fisheries who is from the north Atlantic and only learnt about fisheries problems when he was recently appointed to that post.	1
We have to speak with blanche 's son ; they were in the house too	0
She 's calling herself jolene parker .	1
I would like to thank him very warmly for the excellent report, which addresses a number of extremely complex issues.	1
I found one cousin who seemed more accurate , then they started spending more time around MIL and seems to have been affected by their lies .	0
The assistant helped the cook for preparing food and learned from her.	1
The laborer managed to convince the clerk to give up because they were stronger .	0
The assistant was fired by the supervisor and called her a jerk.	1
The designer recognized the mechanic and then greeted them .	0
Last Saturday , the physician called the tailor to discuss their abnormal immune system .	0
The mover told the teacher that he needs to be more patient with the kids.	1
Yeah but with all people that come to see them , it 's kind of normal	0
If there are inconsistencies it must be open to the candidate to draw attention to them.	0
Do you really trust them ?	0
We shall now hear from the representative, Mr Klass, who, I believe, is opposed to postponing the report.	1
then she hung up Come on , hurry up !	1
Hillary said she didn ' t need the white vote .	1
The CEO reminded the housekeeper to sweep up because she often forgets.	1
5pts with ARod vs his Boone .	1
I am against the development of a common defence policy and the establishment of a council of defence ministers.	0
The developer successfully sold the housekeeper the product and helped him to set up.	1
A number of members of a Marxist-Leninist group tried to disrupt the meeting and threatened the Chairman.	0
The manager chatted with the receptionist and praised him for his outstanding work.	1
The CEO is discussing with the writer about how she would like the story to be written.	1
The auditor approached the driver and solicited her help.	1
The manager told the receptionist that he must always dress formally for work.	1
The counselor accused the mover because some of their valuable collections are gone .	0
You make any decent point against him and he blocks you or says something along the lines of " Oh my god people , watch me body old media " .	1
The analyst blamed the accountant because she was in bad mood.	1
If I recall correctly , they are avoiding the kerbs so they don 't shake the car to pieces .	0
As a seven year-old boy he was forced to flee his country before the advance of the Red Army, a fugitive hiding in ditches to avoid being strafed by Soviet aircraft.	1
The laborer told the teacher that they were also a teacher when younger .	0
The carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant because he is generous.	1
The CEO was examined by the counselor for fitness because she was ordered to by the court.	1
He was brutally treated , but they kept him alive ,	1
The physician saw the nurse and called him to do the CPR.	1
The writer visited the cook to learn cooking from her.	1
The manager promoted the housekeeper because he appreciated the dedication.	1
The assistant scanned documents for the analyst because she knows how to use the scan machine.	1
The salesperson knows very little about the teacher since she did not visit the school.	1
The driver yelled at the tailor and called him a fool.	1
I pick him up and take him to CrossFit with me .	1
And right now , they only have yours .	0
There 's a way to do it differently I think , and thats to have let Shane voluntarily step down or just tank on SNL , which they probably would have because they weren 't funny . ” they asked softly .	0
Flower starring Zoey Deutch is unequivocally the most patronising depiction of a hedonistic , promiscuous teenager with a compulsion to destroy their life , their family 's , and a teacher who they try to seduce then orchestrate their arrest for child pornography by fabricating photos .	0
Biron , they haven 't said a word	0
The developer contacted the editor because she needed additional clarifications in order to edit the book.	1
The secretary shouted at the carpenter and drove her away.	1
The cook talked to the tailor because her apron needed to be fixed.	1
The clerk misled the supervisor so she got confused.	1
The assistant asked the physician if he needs any help.	1
The salesperson knows very little about the teacher since he does not teach in that school.	1
Last Saturday, the physician called the tailor to discuss his abnormal immune system.	1
The tailor talked to the manager and then asked her for a raise.	1
The manager asked for a new design from the tailor but he did not specify a due date.	1
The janitor waited for the hairdresser for a while because they wanted to have a new haircut .	0
I just want to talk to him for two minutes	1
The carpenter often built objects for the attendant and got his love.	1
The analyst blamed the accountant because he made some mistakes in his work.	1
The farmer went to the cashier and asked him about a deposit.	1
The supervisor yelled at the cashier because she liked to pick on her employees.	1
The physician owed the cashier money because she did not pay the vodka.	1
when I saw him , the poorest , who himself tore the kind-hearted veils in which mercy wraps us as well as the strange power which tames the senses , then I remembered the saying of this unhappy one in his sole joyful hour :	1
The cashier borrowed the tool from the carpenter but returned nothing to her.	1
The driver never drove the librarian anywhere because he was embarrassed.	1
The guard asked the librarian to leave because it was late and she will be leaving soon.	1
For them , the sun was god and every , day they worshipped his first appearance from the bitter Andean night ,	1
Mr President, I thank the minister for his reply to the first part of my question, but his answer to the second part, which concerned compensation, was not entirely relevant.	1
Ok I 'm a shy girl imma help you , so they will not star conversation but they will make lots of eye contact and they will try to stay close to you .	0
The attendant bought some fruit from the farmer and paid her by check.	1
They gave them a worked copper bell ,	0
You speak of them as a man situated in between those two cultures .	0
The farmer drove the attendant to the railway station and gave him a gift.	1
The CEO liked the hairdresser because they liked the hairstyles provided .	0
You should also consider if she 's LTR material since she obviously keeps other guys even if she 's with you .	1
They are hanging themselves !	0
Exactly what I said the first time I saw them do it .	0
The writer contacted the CEO and asked for her opinions about the book.	1
The president of the best broadcasting station in Korea came himself to welcome us .	1
According to Mondoux , she was partially buried , and then dragged for a good distance after her death	1
The developer asked the clerk to prepare the paperwork because he did not know how the system works.	1
The janitor handed the writer a book for his future reference.	1
In truth , I hadn 't even considered the notion that he could be cheating on me , until I woke up in the middle of the night to find him sitting on the floor of my living room .	1
The mechanic fixed the housekeeper's car and then he wrote a thankful note.	1
The laborer was referred to the designer because he was looking to remodel a house.	1
They are honest and upfront about their profession , they rarely complain and has little to hide .	0
The physician reminded the accountant that he should take care of his neck.	1
I congratulate the rapporteur on this and, in conclusion, I shall vote in favour of these reports, with the exception of the point I raised just now.	0
But they despised the sultenate anyway , they returned from the war as a hero and ended the sultenate and created the republic .	0
The nurse examined the laborer and call them an ambulance .	0
The cleaner is mad at the cook because he made the kitchen dirty again.	1
The clerk misled the supervisor so she got fired.	1
The construction worker needs the assistant to remind her about her daily schedule.	1
The analyst asked the secretary to book a flight because they know how to do it .	0
The construction worker felt sorry for the receptionist because she got injured.	1
The janitor caught the cashier stealing the money and she reported it to the boss.	1
Our representative has identified and brought Turkey's attention to this common ground in his really excellent report, for which I too wish to thank him.	1
The cleaner hates the developer because she always leaves the room dirty.	1
The physician wanted to meet the counselor because she had some questions about her responsibility in the medical accident.	1
And while you are there, ask for a reduction in the price of aeroplane tickets for the elderly pensioners who travel.	0
The salesperson contacted the tailor because she promised to fix a suit.	1
Oh , brain , i think he likes you .	1
The chief visited the tailor because he needed to adjust the pants.	1
Last week one of the prisoners, Rached Jaidane, fell into a coma.	0
We see it as building on the work of our colleague, Mr Mombaur, in advocating a greater share of electricity and energy in the European Union from these sources.	1
When actually they can respect people much weaker than them who work hard - whereas much of their ire to Deku came from a lot of ideas of Deku being underhanded so even though Deku went from someone they felt insulted by for applying for an exam they were unfit for to someone they seemed to accept as their saviour , when they though Deku lied to them they couldn 't respect Deku even if Deku beat them and so when Bakugou learns the truth and no longer sees Deku as underhanded they can respect them as a rival ( wow I manage to mini essay on Bakugou in any topic ) .	0
The lawyer wanted to help the designer but he refused.	1
The lawyer left the documents with the clerk but they forgot to get a receipt .	0
Season 2 luke cage tanked larger explosions than Tim produces , and became immune to the exploding bullet that nearly killed them in season 1 .	0
How can you argue they had help when Wade was playing injured .	0
The manager suggested the cashier get a new job because she was underperforming.	1
The laborer told the baker that she needed a cake by tomorrow.	1
The carpenter had to hire the assistant because he was a friend of a friend.	1
I should like to end by stressing that our distinguished spokesperson, Mrs Rocard, took extensive account of the scientific observations and many of the suggestions in my opinion.	1
And you want to make her out to be a demon ?	1
The designer made an appointment with the physician and asked them to prescribe the medicine .	0
The cook talked to the tailor because he wanted advice with a recipe.	1
The janitor waited for the hairdresser for a while because they were very busy .	0
I wish I 'd figured her out that quickly	1
Or he creates his own type of game .	1
The chief told the counselor that they could have the day off .	0
The farmer did not want to talk to the writer because he was burying himself in writing a new novel.	1
I am speaking in the capacity of draftsman of the opinion of my committee about the taxation of aircraft fuel.	0
The mechanic gave the clerk a present because they won the lottery .	0
My partner calls the cops who come and tell him to simmer down and go home OR catch a disturbing the peace and menacing charge .	1
Too bad his mom didn 't choose that route .	1
That is why, in agreement with the other institutions, Mr Lienemann, our spokesperson, has proposed slightly increasing the budget to EUR 14 million in order to promote cooperation in this area between 2001 and 2004.	1
The auditor examined the finance report by the mechanic and helped her identify a few errors.	1
The clerk tried to hide his behavior from the manager but failed to trick her.	1
Mr President, Mr Giuseppina Cardazzi, who is an elderly and infirm man, interested in electronics and the Internet, particularly as he is not mobile, asked me to help him understand electronic communication as he wanted to purchase a device that would enable him to access the Internet.	1
I ran him over	1
It is a growing problem, especially since the number of elderly people is growing in our society and they happen to be the most dynamic generation of elderly people ever.	0
The attendant lost the construction worker 's car and then apologized to them .	0
The manager meets the counselor every week because she knows more about the law.	1
The CEO raised the salary of the receptionist , because they are generous .	0
Liberals tell us that as little State involvement as possible is required.	0
Like my very good friend Mr Langenhagen I trust that the European Commission will review this issue before May next year.	1
The attendant ignored the laborer and told her to get back to work.	1
It is a sound document in our view, and we feel it does justice to our standards and values as Christian Democrats.	0
The farmer demanded more bread from the baker because they were hungry .	0
And there 's nothing wrong with it , she 's just in a certain phase of her mental illness , but not yet at the phase where she can take full responsibility and recognize her behavior is harmful to herself and her relationships .	1
You know , given how weak he was , I don 't think he probably went much further than you 're going .	1
The auditor needed to examine the farmer's farm and arrived at her door in the morning.	1
Pizarro himself slept in their houses ,	1
The manager told the clerk to report to work early because they are lazy .	0
The mover offered to carry the desk for the clerk because they are weak .	0
The manager told the hairdresser that they did a good job .	0
I loved when Jennifer ' s friend asked about Timothy and whether she had a picture of him .	1
The carpenter made a desk for the clerk because they had time .	0
The nurse was running from the laborer because she was very busy.	1
The construction worker admires the cashier a lot because their job is too tiring .	0
The guard protected the assistant because it is her responsibility.	1
How did it go from " * * their family * * will not be attending the rehearsal dinner you planned " to " just confirming * * you * * aren 't going to be coming to the wedding " .	0
The supervisor gave the housekeeper a ride because they live far away .	0
The cashier stole from the supervisor and then kidnapped her mother.	1
The CEO could not understand the attendant and asked him the question again.	1
To be fair , she came off like a real human being with feelings in the JP version .	1
The writer went to see the physician and asked her about health issues.	1
My colleague Mr Armonie Bordes cuttingly pointed out yesterday the little benefits of deploying community capital and pension premiums for entrepreneurial risks.	1
And no one can understand it, including myself.	0
The mechanic stopped by the librarian because they needed to inquire about a book .	0
The cook talked to the editor because they wanted to publish recipes .	0
The deputy also deserves support for his calls on the Commission and the Member States to take account of gender differences in the organisation of EU-funded rescue and in their asylum and immigration policy.	1
The analyst goes to the tailor because everyone knows that he makes the best clothes.	1
I do not share the reservations expressed by our honourable Member, the Chairman of the Delegation for Relations with the Countries of Central America and Mexico, Mrs Seguro, with regard to the issue of human rights.	1
The hairdresser outran the mover and laughed at her.	1
And his mistress	1
The auditor caught the developer cheating because she is dishonest.	1
With regard to respect for the dignity of legal immigrants, in the spirit of a harmonised European migration policy, in addition to legal instruments guaranteeing the fair treatment of immigrants, financial aid instruments need to be established for all those young people who wish to return to their native countries to start work when they have finished secondary education or a university course in a European country.	0
The guard asked the librarian to leave because it was late and he looked exhausted.	1
The writer called the sheriff and asked her to help.	1
The auditor caught the developer cheating because they discovered the key documents .	0
when I saw them , the poorest , who themselves tore the kind-hearted veils in which mercy wraps us as well as the strange power which tames the senses , then I remembered the saying of this unhappy one in their sole joyful hour :	0
I think they look sad because jill is starving them to fit into that wedding dress from when they were 13 .	0
The nurse heard the farmer screaming and examined them .	0
God should make himself plain or leave me alone .	1
They wanted them to play the “ come on baby , I just want to cuddle .	0
Mr President, let me begin by thanking the delegate for his work.	1
The lawyer talked with the counselor because they needed to gather additional evidence for the case .	0
I don 't understand ; they hate me	0
The construction worker stared at the teacher and asked him to leave.	1
The CEO reminded the housekeeper to sweep up because they often forget .	0
The lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier, but she may have been falsely accused.	1
Next to us sat a elderly Japanese couple accompanied by a man who seemed to be in their early 20s , clearly mixed race , we where the only people in that shop .	0
If they knew I slept with practically everything in a uniform in Great Bear	0
And they didn 't write the thirteenth chapter of any book	0
The carpenter hired the cleaner because his house was a mess.	1
When Cabeza de Vaca said they were eating worms and spiders , he wasn 't telling lies ,	1
The assistant scanned documents for the analyst because she asked.	1
OH , AND THEN THEY LEFT YOU	0
0 KD player ( in other games ) when i “ turn it on ” and start going sweat mode , my cousin and dad aren '\t shit they ' re just average players , my one cousin is kinda shit , so when they play solo they ' re okay , i literally can see my dad play his TV is in the same room as my gaming monitor .	1
The guard accused the receptionist of theft because she was missing her pen.	1
The nurse performed a bad injection in front of the supervisor and got sent to remedial study by them .	0
Then his wife posted on Facebook along with pictures of her bruised body that he used to beat her and had an affair with some model .	1
The supervisor asked the baker to prepare cakes because they are famous for them .	0
The cook struck a friendship with the clerk because they cooked for one of the office parties .	0
Allow me, first of all, to congratulate your representative, Mrs Honeyball, for her excellent work and the report she has produced.	1
Georges , Iet him go	1
The supervisor met up with the teacher and told him the concerns.	1
The number of political prisoners appears to have risen from 1,500 to 3,000 very recently, many of whom are forced to carry out hard labour and are subject to cruel forms of torture.	0
I just want him back , BIanche	1
The construction worker asked the hairdresser to cut their sideburns before anything else .	0
Secondly, the President of La Poste, Mr Claude Bourmaud, recently explained how the coming decade will herald the most profound transformation ever for postal services around the world.	1
This represents around 75 million European citizens.	0
She made it so obvious with her ridiculous behaviour like falsely accusing me of stealing for no reason and basically when she fired me saying my help is not the help she needed .	1
If he notices anything , we 're done for	1
The writer wrote a book about the carpenter because they were moved by the story .	0
Men are still not adequately represented in politics and in economic decision-making processes.	1
The driver transported the housekeeper to the job because they were beautiful .	0
The mover said thank you to the housekeeper because they cleaned the truck .	0
The cook secretly stole the librarian 's books to make them less trusting .	0
If you find them here , it will only be if they come themselves .	0
The laborer handed the secretary a hammer because he thought tools are good presents.	1
Finally, leaders agreed to encourage an intensification of contacts among parliamentarians as set out in the cooperation framework.	0
I would also like to thank the rapporteur, Mrs Haug, for the magnificent work that she has done as the rapporteur responsible for the budget and for her efforts in dealing with the requests that the various committees have made.	1
The analyst argued with the designer, because she thought the budget is too high.	1
The tailor gave the farmer a sweater and asked them to put it on .	0
Yeah idk what his response was actually about 🤷 ‍ ♂ ️ .	1
Just because you think it will improve another aspect of his life ( what does that even mean ) , doesn 't mean it will .	1
The CEO ignored the nurse 's suggestions and asked them to leave .	0
Mr Van Grieken just robbed her from her right of sharing something temporarily , and made it permanent .	1
The secretary asked the mover what she could do to help.	1
If they notice anything , we 're done for	0
The manager told the receptionist that they needed some help with the ceremony .	0
It ' s literally a lot of the time because they are a female , and they are young .	0
Mr President, rapporteur Bowis started his explanatory statement on his report with a quotation which he also repeated this morning.	1
The mechanic gave the clerk a present because he won the lottery.	1
The janitor was friendly with the cleaner and like them .	0
Orgeron said that they were going to over Pitts all second half .	0
The mover hired the accountant because they are well recommended .	0
Like my Fine Gael colleague, Mrs Doyle, I recognise that this does not represent the creation of a European army and before shrill voices are raised in my own country, which there will be, against Irish involvement, I would point out that participation is voluntary and on a case by case basis.	1
The librarian talked to the carpenter and asked her to fix the table in the library.	1
She was Health Minister for your country when Mrs Barón Crespo was President.	1
The mechanic saw the tailor and explained him the price.	1
I 'm giving them a chance to earn my trust	0
Clearly, the opening up to risk capital will require scrupulous behaviour on the part of managers so as to minimise any possible risks.	0
The assistant called the sheriff and explained to them the situation .	0
The salesperson tried to persuade the hairdresser to buy something and she refused that.	1
The driver never drove the librarian anywhere because she was embarrassed.	1
The lawyer told the designer they received a lawsuit .	0
I can only imagine what it 's like to work there under their leadership .	0
The construction worker knew the nurse was the best and asked them for an examination .	0
The guard admired the secretary because his job was so safe.	1
The counselor accused the mover because she destroyed some important documents.	1
The CEO raised the salary of the receptionist and offered them a paid holiday .	0
And she can 't wrap her head around the fact that you still wouldn 't believe it , you 'd just be going through the motions because * someone held a friggin ' gun to your head *.	1
The secretary hated the developer and was rude to them .	0
The supervisor was worried about a visit from the auditor because she had lost track of expenses.	1
Firstly, please allow me to congratulate the spokesperson, Mr Ferber, because his work has been complicated and difficult and he has had to try to find a balance between dramatically differing proposals, positions and points of departure and arrival.	1
The mechanic told the hairdresser that they need a fancy haircut .	0
In the Pilot Rose mentions that it sounded familiar and then was asked where they were from and they mentioned Bronx .	0
The developer likes to have a coffee with the writer and discuss with them .	0
In the safe in his office	1
The farmer used the accountant for crop tabulation because he always did the work well.	1
It ' s always been his offrole and it would suit his “ captain ” role better .	1
The developer tried to convince the housekeeper to buy her software.	1
The chief complained to the cashier about their observations .	0
The auditor caught the developer cheating because they are dishonest .	0
I should like to thank the Commissioner for attempting to answer my question, but I should point out that students in Greece are currently somewhat confused because the free study centres are claiming that they are able to issue study diplomas which qualify for recognition under Directive 89 / 48 / EEC, if, and provided that, the course in question is completed in Britain, while the Greek authorities and the competent bodies are refusing to recognise diplomas issued for courses completed in Britain.	0
The physician talked to the attendant about a patient on whom she performed an examination.	1
The analyst chatted with the writer and expressed interest in his work.	1
Better than that , he turns them into images	1
I would like to pay tribute to the work done by the deputy, Mr Haug, in trying to resolve some very difficult questions this year because of the immense pressures that have been brought to bear upon the budget at a very late stage.	1
The lawyer told the designer that they may lose their job due to the prosecution .	0
The driver asked the writer to help with a poem because they had never written anything in their life .	0
The salesperson chatted with the cleaner because they wanted to buy a vacuum .	0
Stop , she can 't take it anymore !	1
The spokesperson paid attention in his report to the opportunities for countries applying for membership to be included in the recommendations on mobility.	1
I have abstained on the van Hulten report because I do not think we should increase the number of controlling authorities within the European institutions.	0
The supervisor told the cleaner the good news that she was going to raise the salary.	1
Then some celebrity died their hair red and 10 kids in my high school had bright red hair . > Nyahko is generally not credible , as they have a supposed Vic story of their own , but they can 't remember the name of the con , the location , or the year , claiming a traumatic brain-injury from a few months later .	0
The cashier stole from the supervisor and then kidnapped their mother .	0
The cook called the accountant and explained to him the financial situation.	1
That means if she goes , I will give her a kong with a treat inside while she stays in there .	1
The developer likes to have a coffee with the writer and discuss with him.	1
How did it go from " * * her family * * will not be attending the rehearsal dinner you planned " to " just confirming * * you * * aren 't going to be coming to the wedding " .	1
The guard asked the cashier to be more careful because they saw a dangerous person .	0
The designer invited the supervisor to the party and she smiled.	1
The chief hired the assistant because he had stellar grades in school.	1
The farmer screamed at the nurse and asked them for an examination .	0
The laborer wanted to help the assistant and dug him a hole.	1
That thief was Italian: the case should have been assigned to an Italian policeman.	0
The lawyer helped the cleaner win the case without pay because they are too poor to afford that .	0
Indeed, on Thursday evening, I assessed the situation with Mrs Josselin, the French Minister responsible for these matters, and I know that she is wholeheartedly behind the idea of promoting the process as we see it.	1
The cook talked to the editor because she visited the restaurant once.	1
The farmer enjoyed getting a haircut from the hairdresser because they did not have to speak .	0
The housekeeper saw the construction worker waving and walked to her.	1
The political, military and religious leaders must pull out all the stops to make national reconciliation possible.	0
But they were ruined by their enemies and they died a pauper ,	0
The manager promised to give a raise to the teacher because they performed well .	0
 Except when Steven Miller is on top  , he added .	1
It seems like they would have been better prepared to do this if they 'd discussed it thoroughly , but didn 't they kind of talk around " the plan " during the last episode .	0
The developer had a meeting with the teacher so she could provide feedback on a new software for taking class attendance.	1
The sheriff questioned the housekeeper as they needed to find out the thief .	0
Does he dislike the Chinese government because they turn a blind eye to what should be illegal business practices .	1
The driver transported the counselor to the hospital because they were paid .	0
It 's important to remember that we actually don 't know the order of their paintings and there 's a decent chance that they were still doing perfectly normal paintings of cats late into their apparent mental decline .	0
If I ' m with them , I have to be touching them in some way , even if I just fling my legs over theirs on the sofa and they stroke my leg .	0
And Pico goes thwough a wot of chawactew devewopment ; they go fwom thinking they are going to pee to assuwing Chico that it 's semen and not pee .	0
I believe that the deputy is right when she calls for greater participation to defeat poverty and social exclusion at this time.	1
The manager talked to the auditor and told them to stay late .	0
Did he give you the idea to talk to Sarah ?	1
The lawyer talked with the counselor because she needed to gather additional evidence for the case.	1
Men are nonetheless excluded from the peace negotiations, and their needs and priorities are overlooked.	1
But she refused , insisting instead to make a scene with her only intent seeming to be to attempt to ruin the evening for everyone .	1
I note on Friday that the oral question on language teachers which came on our agenda extremely late has got no attached motion for a resolution.	0
The janitor gave the clerk some documents which included their personal information .	0
The mover outran the hairdresser and laughed at him.	1
The cook loved the librarian 's books and constantly stole from them .	0
The receptionist was hired by the chief and will receive the payment from her.	1
The auditor admonished the supervisor and issued her a warning.	1
The attendant served water to the sheriff and then handed them a menu .	0
The lawyer told the auditor to provide documentation because he would be sent to jail otherwise.	1
We need European assistance and support in securing the return of Kosovo refugees to their hearths as soon as possible in the spirit of the best democratic traditions.	0
The designer argued with the developer and slapped them in the face .	0
The manager noticed the clerk was slacking off and told him to report to work early.	1
The cleaner called the guard because they are the only one who can enter the room .	0
A note- There may be some embarrassment here on her part if you were out in public , so her reaction could have been heightened .	1
The janitor cleaned the librarian's room and she asked for a tip.	1
The salesperson tried to fool the writer but they saw through the trick .	0
Come back some other time if you want to play with her , OK ?	1
Therapy for her , as soon as possible .	1
At this late hour and with a piece of carrot stuck in my throat, I doubt whether I have much else to say to my fellow MEPs.	0
The janitor cleaned the room for the designer and ask them for tips .	0
They manage to catch their breath , and all cross-eyed , start saying : " You shouldn 't move this rock , it is rock that never burns ;	0
Murata was quoted saying Tatsumaki couldn 't throw things at light speed if they tried , before outright stating Geryuganshoop is the most skilled psychic in the universe .	0
I am particularly concerned by reports that party members, waiting with Aung San Suu Kyi at Rangoon station two weeks ago, were attacked and even chloroformed before being evicted from the station premises.	0
The salesperson talked to the housekeeper for a while and convinced him to buy the product.	1
The control system from very early in the Evas ' development. and tested it with herself as the experimentee .	1
They can 't help themselves .	0
The janitor waited for the hairdresser for a while because he wanted to have a new haircut.	1
The clerk hindered the chief at every turn and even gossiped about her.	1
The receptionist spoke with the CEO and asked them for a promotion .	0
I have to disagree with my colleague, Mrs Poos.	1
Yesterday evening my colleague, Mr Solbes, told Parliament that the Commission can accept Amendments Nos 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 7, 13 and 14.	1
I am sure all my colleagues are very grateful.	0
This has left the Moluccas with thousands of dead and several hundred thousands of refugees.	0
What makes it so difficult for the UNHCR is that whilst the number of refugees is rising, the resources required by the UN refugee organisation to coordinate the aid are falling.	0
It didn 't take them long to find something that struck their interest , and they asked Kojo about it .	0
The auditor asked the construction worker some questions because they knew the details .	0
The guard asked the counselor a few questions and let him enter the office.	1
The sheriff asked the editor to withdraw the story because they could not stand negative press .	0
Prior to that he didn 't think about what was going on ; it was simply him reacting to events and relying on his training .	1
The salesperson told the baker to stop selling bread because she found mold in the kitchen.	1
The chief bought bread from the baker and paid him.	1
Recently our Taoiseach, Mr Ahern, clearly stated that the European Charter of Fundamental Human Rights should remain a political, not a legal document.	1
I notified the Ombudsman of this, who, in his reply, said that he had decided not to open an inquiry because the competition was already far advanced.	1
But don 't think she didn 't love her sister	1
The chief encouraged the writer because he likes the book.	1
The receptionist reminded the cook to wear suits because she always forgets.	1
The construction worker hired the cleaner so they can focus only on the construction work .	0
If the discoveries of what 's their name ?	0
For these reasons, the MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece voted against the report.	0
Like my Fine Gael colleague, Mr Doyle, I recognise that this does not represent the creation of a European army and before shrill voices are raised in my own country, which there will be, against Irish involvement, I would point out that participation is voluntary and on a case by case basis.	1
The secretary called the physician and told her about a new patient.	1
Listen , can you just tell me where I can find him ?	1
To be fair , they came off like a real human being with feelings in the JP version .	0
As far as I am aware, the two intruders obtained access to the House on the authority of a Member of Parliament.	0
The librarian reminded the mover how important the books were and he needed to make sure none were left.	1
I pushed them to the end , in the hopes to save a generation against forces of evil	0
The supervisor called the counselor because she is an expert on the law.	1
The manager fired the baker because they were too rebellious .	0
It 's been three days since he disappeared	1
Does anyone wish to speak against the request?	0
The supervisor invited the designer to the party because they wanted everyone to be there .	0
The manager promoted the housekeeper because they were an efficient employee .	0
The chief called the counselor and told him that he could have the day off.	1
The clerk asked the analyst some questions and sent her away.	1
My congratulations to Mr Ferber, the rapporteur for the other institutions with which we are most concerned.	1
Hillary said they didn 't need the white vote .	0
Incidentally, I am delighted to note, Mrs Guy-Quint, that you are a specialist in this field who can be relied upon to debate the recast Financial Regulation in Parliament with competence and no doubt with passion too.	1
The editor talked to the CEO and showed them a draft .	0
The physician treated the tailor and suggested he changed his lifestyle.	1
The receptionist drove away the salesperson because she made a lot of noise.	1
Young entrepreneurs in particular often have no idea how to obtain equity capital.	0
The guard admired the secretary because her job was so dangerous.	1
The cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques because he likes to teach others.	1
The cook asked the nurse for help because they were the only one passing by .	0
You must approach her , so gather the courage and go for it .	1
Ultimately she just grew into a brutal conqueror .	1
However , it is completely understandable that your girlfriend also wants you to accompany her to an event like a wedding , especially her sister 's wedding which is probably extremely important to her .	1
Men are double victims of armed conflicts since they are also subjected to rapes and sexual abuse, which have sometimes been used as weapons of war.	1
The clerk replied to the sheriff and advised her to file the documentation soon.	1
The mechanic waved at the librarian and walked away from him.	1
The carpenter contacted the cleaner and asked him to clean the house.	1
I have to disagree with my colleague, Mr Poos.	1
Then you can make him wear a lovely dress and act like a monkey .	1
I too wish to thank the rapporteur and, of course, the Commissioner and the President-in-Office for their excellent work.	0
The physician admonished the cleaner because he was not using protective gear during work.	1
The mechanic talked with the counselor for such a long time because they could not understand those engineering terms easily .	0
The CEO was worried about a visit from the auditor because they failed to submit some paperwork on time .	0
As someone said Jack will yell at Abigail and John , but if you * keep * antagonizing him a random male character punches you and knocks you out .	1
The carpenter admires the work of the hairdresser because she appreciates talent.	1
The secretary asked the mover when she is available.	1
She said she was performing tonight , so I asked if she was a dancer .	1
The writer interviewed the manager and asked them a few questions .	0
The cook secretly stole the librarian's books to increase her collection.	1
The secretary took down the farmer's petition which was the hope to improve her life.	1
The librarian helped the CEO to find the book because it is her job.	1
The secretary never saw the guard and did not want her job.	1
The cook asked the nurse for help because their mom was sick .	0
Your ahead of lucy and yet she can 't get herself a boyfriend because she is embarrassed ahaha natsu ahaha .	1
The chief refused to help the attendant with the car because that was not their job .	0
The manager demanded to be seen by the nurse but she was busy with another patient.	1
The guard complimented the designer for his excellent taste.	1
The salesperson met with the counselor because they wanted to buy merchandise .	0
The teacher and the janitor were chatting about her overwhelming cleaning duties.	1
The sheriff relies on the attendant because they are trustworthy .	0
The supervisor provided the writer with new tools but she did not appreciate it.	1
The sheriff relies on the attendant because they are a trustful person .	0
The lawyer respected the housekeeper because he was a hardworking person.	1
When the winter comes, the farmer visited the librarian frequently because of his hot chocolate.	1
Not that I wanted it or even knew what the hell they were talking about .	0
You feel them too ?	0
The physician examined the baker and prescribed a drug for them .	0
I would ask the President-in-Office to at least answer our questions in writing if he cannot do so orally.	1
The farmer used the accountant for crop tabulation because she found the work confusing.	1
When the student swiped at the teacher , the teacher already had their handsnon the student , the swipe was defensive . "	0
You let the police know that he 's still contacting her after they visited .	1
Commissioner Byrne did not say very much today, as she was widely trailed to have done, about testing.	1
The manager promised to give a raise to the teacher because she was generous.	1
The carpenter admires the work of the hairdresser because they appreciate talent .	0
It is significant that the Commission, through the Commissioner, Mr Wallström, has this morning confirmed its priority commitment to a modern maritime safety policy, and the declaration made by the Council is also important, but this declaration is binding in respect of the effort that must be made to bring this matter to a definitive close by the end of December.	1
There are many living in wretched conditions outside the country in refugee camps and others living in wretched conditions within the country.	0
I would like to thank the Commissioner for his response and for his very positive leadership in this crucial area, and I must say that his response has also been reassuring from an economic perspective.	1
Pierre was at blanche 's house the night they died	0
Usman beat the # 5 and # 3 to get their title shot .	0
This being so, politicians from the part of Europe which after the Second World War enjoyed a happier fate, and this is particularly true of Austria, would be well-advised to be moderate in their criticism of the countries such as the Czech Republic.	0
The cashier followed the janitor and found out that she stole some money from the store.	1
At the end of the day, we must also be realistic about our limitations as legislators.	0
The laborer envied the attendant's job and told him so.	1
The point of gear 2 is that they dope themselves with blood and gear 3 they use their breath to inflate their bones .	0
The salesperson tried to fool the writer but she was caught.	1
The assistant bought a computer from the salesperson and asked them how to use .	0
Why doesn 't he come himself ... He can come collect the child himself , tell him that ! "	1
I saw that video on r / publicfreakout where this poor little dude was slapping their mum because they were too fucked up on heroin to notice their presence or provide them with any sort of reassurance that they have someone to look up to .	0
Let us give her the political responsibility to do the job.	1
Yeah but he snaps his aim around really fast and it looks cool .	1
The salesperson noticed the accountant never bought anything and then hated them .	0
The writer interviewed the manager because he wanted to write a new book.	1
Much of their story , is still misunderstood because we don 't know for sure what route they took ,	0
The physician contacted the editor because they could provide help publishing in a medical journal .	0
The construction worker was not trustful of the baker and never bought their bread .	0
The secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker because he was under a contract to build a house.	1
The assistant hired the driver as they offered an excellent service .	0
The guard is telling the tailor what design they want .	0
The teacher told the guard about the danger and was subsequently protected by her.	1
Then you can make them wear a lovely dress and act like a monkey .	0
The carpenter owed the counselor some money and he never asked for any interest.	1
And he himself ...	1
Regional policy, the policy of European solidarity, is, of the common policies, the one which is most familiar to the citizens and one of the most valued.	0
it raises the issue of the return of the refugees and the repatriation of the settlers.	0
I never asked for any punishment against him because he hasn 't been proven guilty .	1
The salesperson demanded money from the cashier because she likes to give orders.	1
The receptionist reminded the cook to wear suits because they love clothing .	0
well I don 't blame them Even I under-estimate myself	0
The construction worker scheduled an appointment with the counselor because they offered great advice .	0
The guard accused the receptionist of theft because he looked guilty.	1
The driver yelled at the tailor after she found out the window is broken.	1
They also said that they wanted to see what it was like to kill someone in real life.	0
Look at him ...	1
As regards women, since women are participants in history, they must now become players in the peace process.	1
They wouldn 't have killed him for a couple grants	1
The driver dropped the accountant at the corner and asked him to watch out when crossing the street.	1
The CEO went to the tailor because she was good at making fitted suits.	1
The supervisor asked the baker to prepare cakes because she likes them very much.	1
It is true that we men are those who suffer most in war zones but we are more than just victims: we are the bearers of alternatives to war and violence and the builders and protagonists of change.	1
And I don ' t know how standing behind a Rein shield makes her unable to brawl either .	1
The CEO could not understand the attendant, because he spoke too fast.	1
The physician was concerned for the hairdresser and examined him for cuts.	1
Then , an amateur blames the world , but a professional takes time in reflecting on themselves / themselves .	0
The manager meets the counselor every week because he knows more about the law.	1
The farmer used the accountant for crop tabulation because they always did the work well .	0
I heard she went home early .	1
The chief praised the accountant because she was satisfied.	1
The carpenter asked the editor if she wanted a table.	1
The carpenter shouted at the secretary and drove him away.	1
The secretary asked the salesperson to leave because they disturbed people in the office .	0
You let the police know that they are still contacting them after they visited .	0
The mechanic greets the receptionist because she was standing in front of the door.	1
He , she it doesn 't matter	1
I therefore agree with the rapporteur, Mr De Roo, when he proposes that we should waste no more time and transform this directive on the assessment and management of noise into a binding framework directive.	1
The laborer talked to the cleaner and listened to his complaints about the salary.	1
The laborer kicked the cashier because she was drunk.	1
The secretary told the carpenter to come back tomorrow because he was super busy today.	1
Just so you know what I ' m dealing with she also thinks Michelle Obama is a man ( well that one she came in spewing her husbands words about how no woman is that tall , etc and I just said “ You ' re tall ” and looked at her weird ( she ' s close to 6ft tall ) and she kind of rethought that one ) .	1
But even those are reflected in the fact that over his 5 year run Rossi had a higher win percentage .	1
At a time when these so-called leaders are incapable of transposing fifty or so directives except by edict, in other words, by decree-law, they are accepting, with straight faces, to reduce French representation in the European Parliament by around 20%, despite having given these representatives the task of protecting French interests under codecision.	0
Over a year ago, 16 of Europe's best scientists, including a French chairman, declared British beef safe for consumption throughout Europe, and yet France has illegally maintained a ban on the importation of British beef.	0
The cook prepared a dish for the teacher because she is hungry.	1
A custom one shot may help him spread his wings a bit more .	1
The housekeeper said thank you to the mover and give her a hug.	1
The farmer complained to the cashier because she treated people disrespectfully.	1
The carpenter asked the editor if they would take the table tomorrow .	0
The mechanic tries to approach the secretary because he needs more business.	1
The construction worker talked to the cashier and hoped to have the same salary as him.	1
Many speakers have said that we need to extend the ban on meat-and-bone meal as a mammalian food stuff.	0
Rubén was never themselves again .	0
The developer was rude to the secretary because he was universally hated.	1
The construction worker asked the hairdresser to cut her sideburns before anything else.	1
Then they explained to the people the pope gave the King of Spain authority over their lands in the name of God .	0
The lawyer yelled at the hairdresser because he was mad.	1
The CEO was examined by the counselor for fitness because he was ordered to by the court.	1
The guard called the cleaner and asked them to open the door .	0
The housekeeper couldn't understand the laborer and stared at her.	1
The cashier performed poorly for the manager and proved her right.	1
The supervisor complained the hairdresser 's hair was too long because they were shallow .	0
The chief told the counselor that she took the day off.	1
The carpenter likes to work with the designer because he can save a lot of time.	1
First and foremost, I would like to compliment the deputy, Mr Garot, on the fact that he has done his utmost to see if he can do something to help at a time when pig farming is lapsing into crisis.	1
The manager wanted to be cruel to the cashier and suggested he get a new job.	1
Commissioner, in your communication on the European research area you also referred to the poor mobility of researchers and to the problems within Europe.	0
The Commissioner spoke for 18 minutes and during this time she cited dozens and dozens of items and gave a breakdown of the position of the Commission.	1
The cleaner waved at the sheriff and walked towards her.	1
The tailor hired the salesperson and asked her to sell suits for the business.	1
The baker approached the laborer and asked them about the weather .	0
emile , without that scoop , their career is over	0
The laborer built the librarian a bookshelf because he placed an order.	1
The mover told the teacher that they needed to make space for the sofa .	0
If Joshua lost Wilder would ' ve been in limbo on a app that he ain 't wanna be on 2 .	1
The cleaner understood the farmer and sent her some money.	1
The developer was not recognized by the receptionist because they only paid attention to people wearing suits .	0
What type is they ?	0
The driver offered a ride to the teacher but they refused the offer .	0
The mover worked for the teacher and helped him settle in a new apartment.	1
Consequently, many travellers and holidaymakers will benefit from this European initiative.	0
I mean he 's not necessarily j * rich but he 's certainly isn 't poor .	1
The librarian gave the janitor a book and asked them to return on time .	0
I thank the Minister for his reply.	1
The teacher visited the sheriff and asked her some questions.	1
They , themselves , would admit that their father did not believe them .	0
I think it 's interesting because they are not reprogramming the entire game but using the game itself to jailbreak it and add new code .	0
The mechanic greets with the receptionist because they were in a good mood .	0
The chief encouraged the writer and brought their book .	0
I emphasize only one point in Mr. Bowis' report, whom I also congratulate.	1
The construction worker felt sorry for the receptionist because they got injured .	0
The editor chatted with the analyst and wanted to collaborate with her.	1
As far as advice to be given to parents and teachers, whose children and pupils use computers, is concerned, manufacturers are obliged, under the present legislation to provide an instruction for safe use of the equipment if deemed necessary.	0
The writer never met the construction worker and did not want to meet them .	0
I am aware that the Commissioner is here, and I hope he takes note of all the points made.	1
Thomas lost his wife	1
The analyst loved to get a haircut from the hairdresser because he would offer snacks.	1
The janitor fell in love with the secretary because of their nice hands .	0
The CEO is discussing with the writer about the book he will write.	1
The farmer trusted in the receptionist because they liked tall people .	0
The accountant never bought anything from the salesperson and hated all their offerings .	0
The physician examined the hairdresser for cuts because she was concerned.	1
The clerk handed a document to the farmer and explained to her the importance of prompt filing.	1
The farmer did not want to talk with the writer because they were busy with irrigation .	0
The analyst would constantly make fun of the teacher because she was bad at math.	1
The manager asked for a new design from the tailor but they were too busy .	0
The President of the Republic himself is coming here on 12 December to present a report on the Presidency.	1
This is indeed a good idea as it would allow the European citizen who is a victim of a criminal offence, when travelling in the territory of the Union, to feel in concrete terms the added value at European level.	0
The writer wrote a book about the carpenter because their story is very moving .	0
The auditor caught the developer cheating because he discovered the key documents.	1
The housekeeper gave the farmer an apple and wished her a good day.	1
I would bring this up with the teacher ( and principal if necessary ) , and in the meantime , treat your daughter with compassion and help her figure out appropriate coping mechanisms ( beyond , " Just keep you desk clean and listen to the teacher .	1
But I promise I 'll make sure they stay focused on school .	0
If they want to get into the game as a coach , scout etc they should find a mentor and save the 80k .	0
The Chilean Government guaranteed that in Chile General Pinochet would have a fair trial and General Pinochet has indeed now lost his immunity and the justice system is initiating proceedings against him.	1
The janitor cleaned for the baker and asked him for the tips.	1
The guard never talked with the accountant because he was always busy on the computer.	1
The construction worker admires the cashier a lot because her salary is higher.	1
The cashier looked down on the mechanic and made inappropriate comments about them .	0
The secretary asked the mover what he could do to help.	1
The salesperson tried to fool the writer but he saw through the trick.	1
The CEO was ignored by the designer and so rejected his proposal.	1
We all know he ' s trying to get his cotton candy back .	1
The mechanic helped the writer to fix the engine and she offered some books to show thanks.	1
The construction worker admires the cashier a lot because his job is too tiring.	1
The hairdresser befriended the cook because she liked the food.	1
The lawyer told the auditor to provide documentation because they would be sent to jail otherwise .	0
The lawyer asked the nurse about the operation and thanked him.	1
Lewinski believed that she would be fired or suffer professional damage had she refused , then there is an argument that it was sexual harassment and / or sexual assault .	1
Ya she ' s is she was a few months ago .	1
A copy of their brain	0
It 's nothing ; they just told you	0
The chief visited the tailor because she wanted to learn to hem.	1
The editor called the construction worker and asked them what happened .	0
The cleaner called the guard because she forgot to bring her key.	1
The writer interviewed the manager because they wanted to write a new book .	0
The salesperson talked to the auditor because they issued a warning to the sale department .	0
Thereby hypnotizing freud himself .	1
The mover went to the house of the editor because she needed a mover.	1
Certain notorious parties offering a shortcut are like dishonest judges at a sports competition.	0
I too would like to extend my deepest sympathy to our Spanish colleagues in the face of the latest terrorist murder by ETA.	0
But is it really true that Writer Lee admitted that themselves ?	0
Mr President, first of all I should like to congratulate the representative, Mr Elmar Brok, who examined the files on the individual candidate countries.	1
Firstly, to all MEPs, remember that we achieved a strong directive combating race discrimination, for which I was proud to act as co-rapporteur, with action against incitement, for the right to go to court, to empower NGOs, to shift the burden of proof.	0
This has been largely due to the excellent work of the European Parliament and its rappresentante, Mrs Blokland.	1
Trump is going to clean their proverbial clock .	0
The laborer constructed the librarian a bookshelf and handed him a bill.	1
The supervisor asked the assistant to get his agreement.	1
We concur with the rapporteur where she has highlighted the importance of providing information about the risks, and the need for transparency, especially in the sphere of health and safety.	1
I welcome this initiative, which responds to the expectations of our fellow citizens, the citizens of Europe.	0
We demand a swift release of the political prisoners and an impartial inquiry into the whereabouts of the missing persons.	0
The construction worker gave the tax return to the accountant because he didn't know what to do.	1
The hairdresser shouted at the driver because he felt offended.	1
The accountant asked the driver to stop at the corner and gave her some tips.	1
The driver gave a ride to the cleaner so that she could show up at work on time.	1
The analyst awkwardly ran into the attendant who had messed up his order.	1
Of course, we need great help in rehabilitating their destroyed homes so that the refugees have somewhere to return.	0
Some Member States now seem to be confusing asylum-seekers and illegal immigrants.	0
The construction worker asked the hairdresser to cut his sideburns before anything else.	1
The chief demanded an apology from the teacher because they spanked a child .	0
Why did they let themselves be killed instead of me ?	0
The driver transported the counselor to the hospital because she was paid.	1
Do they routinely sign things they don 't believe .	0
The farmer hired an assistant and told him to come to work twice a week.	1
And I am not saying this merely because my son has recently graduated as a fully-fledged lawyer.	1
My heart goes out to his friends and family .	1
I was born at a time when, and in a place where, there has been no direct reason for thinking of war and calamity.	0
The chief visited the tailor because they wanted to learn to hem .	0
The supervisor made the nurse perform remedial study because he noticed poorly executed injections.	1
the night she was killed , you saw it , you 're sure ?	1
The salesperson likes to play tricks on the cashier and demanded money from him.	1
Turning to the first proposal on undesirable substances, I wish to thank the rapporteur, Mr Paulsen, and the draftsman, Mr Auroi, for their very comprehensive report.	1
The cook prepared a dish for the teacher because she just learned a new dish.	1
I ' m also very curious to know if they stayed there with them .	0
The cook sent the cashier a present and expressed thanks to him.	1
The teacher could not stand the CEO and purposefully failed her son.	1
I just want them to come back	0
The counselor taught the developer how to write the patent and charged her 2,000 dollars.	1
The chairman of the group to which the majority of governments in the European Union belong said quite clearly that he will not approve the reform of the Treaty of Nice if no reference is made in Article 6.	1
The attendant recognized the developer because she is very famous.	1
I wish I 'd figured them out that quickly	0
Other speakers have made the point: we want political action.	0
It is because public health care is paid for before the patient is treated whereas private health care is paid for after and if the patient is treated.	0
The physician contacted the editor because he could provide help publishing in a medical journal.	1
The baker sold bread to the CEO and enjoyed her visits.	1
The mover hit the tailor because they were rude .	0
The teacher ordered a dish from the cook and gave them some tips .	0
The manager asked the auditor to stay late because they are often demanding .	0
The CEO asked the clerk to produce a report to satisfy his concerns.	1
Too bad their mom didn 't choose that route .	0
The physician wanted to meet the counselor because he has more experience with medical accidents.	1
Madam President, on a final note, I would very much like to thank the deputy for her worthwhile contribution to this topic.	1
The manager has more money than the attendant since they are more junior .	0
He barely is himself anymore .	1
They said they saw the kids bring their body back	0
The physician hired the secretary because they were overwhelmed with clients .	0
The driver smiled at the attendant and asked him when to pick the boss.	1
The salesperson chatted with the cleaner because they wanted to sell the car .	0
The teacher drove the mover back home and paid her for the work.	1
Mr Hombach only went there to make his presence felt and to establish what it might be possible to do.	1
Virtually the same day, a leader from the Cypriot Parliament, Mr Christou, was refused a Turkish visa even though he was travelling in a totally peaceable context.	1
The Jewish relatives were victims of the Holocaust, and the German-Bohemian relatives, some of whom were Jewish themselves, were driven out of Bohemia after the Second World War.	0
Why him ?	1
The secretary asked the salesperson to leave because he disturbed people in the office.	1
The analyst offered to help the nurse and then did their taxes .	0
The driver asked the writer to help with a poem because they had published many of their poems .	0
The supervisor talked with the tailor and was impressed by his talent.	1
The cashier hired the lawyer and gave them all the information .	0
The secretary asked the salesperson to leave because they were not interested in the product .	0
The counselor advised the janitor and provided them with useful resources .	0
The driver took the editor on a ride because they wanted to see the city .	0
If you find him here , it will only be if he comes himself .	1
Na the way they suffer before they died	0
The chief visited the tailor because he wanted to learn to hem.	1
The receptionist reminded the cook to wear suits because they always forget .	0
The physician owed the cashier money and refused to pay him back.	1
The mechanic hired the tailor because he could do the work.	1
They can affect their underlings , they cannot affect them.	0
The mover hit the tailor because she was rude.	1
The lawyer respected the housekeeper because they knew how difficult that job was .	0
It is very important that the Commissioner is present for this report because she is very interested in it and we are very much in the hands of the Commission for its success.	1
The chief gave the housekeeper a tip because they were satisfied .	0
The laborer handed the application to the editor because he requested formal paperwork.	1
It 's as if they had taken a photo of their mind to allow them to search their memory like an album	0
The nurse examined the farmer for injuries because she was caring.	1
Colleagues, this directive makes sense.	0
The sheriff relies on the attendant because he is a trustful person.	1
Zach Lavine for example can only wear Adidas , which is unfortunate because if you could slap some Kobe ad nikes on him with the perimeter d and lat quick boosts he would be even more insane than he already is .	1
I want to address Commissioner Verheugen personally with a few comments but, before that, I wish to affirm that we have never doubted that Mr Verheugen wants to see enlargement towards the East and that the criticism that has been directed against him has been partly motivated by malice.	1
I just wanted them to know	0
The librarian wore silly hats in front of the driver and refused their requests to change .	0
The mover outran the hairdresser because they were in shape .	0
My now mother-in-law told me something similar early on when I was first dating my husband , and honestly , it only made me think less of * her * , not of * him * , and my now husband was pretty pissed off when I told him .	1
We should consider the speech made by Mr Sadako Ogata, the UN High Commissioner for Refugees, as a challenge; basically what he said was that the long life of the UNHCR reflected the international community's inability to prevent prejudice, persecution, poverty and all the other reasons which result in conflict.	1
The carpenter likes to work with the designer because they can save a lot of time .	0
The communiqués of the G7, the IMFC and the statements of the IMF Director-General, Mr Köhler, moreover reflect the sympathies that exist in relation to the policy guidelines promoted by France, particularly as regards ordered financial liberalisation and combating money laundering.	1
The mover went to the house of the editor because he was requested to do so.	1
That 's why blanche gave them the book	0
The janitor handed the writer a book for their future reference .	0
The manager promised to give a raise to the teacher because they were generous .	0
The carpenter always ask the librarian for help because they can only recognize a few words .	0
The librarian showed a book to the analyst and then lent them something else .	0
As social democrats, we feel that sustainable energy must be given a fair crack of the whip.	0
The teacher stared at the construction worker and asked her a question.	1
The assistant likes to help the laborer and so held the hammer for her.	1
Matches hers .	1
Italy has repeatedly requested the extradition of this multiple murderer from France, where Mrs Lojacono lives freely, so that she can finally serve her time.	1
The laborer dug a hole for the secretary and demanded him to pay.	1
Naturally we welcome the fact that junta leader Gueï failed in his scheme to legitimise his power through sham elections.	1
I wish to conclude by thanking Mr Gayssot, President of the Transport Council of Ministers, for his encouraging comments.	1
You really liked her didn 't you ?	1
The librarian order a bookshelf from the laborer and she quickly completed the project.	1
It would have caused them problems with the Church probably .	0
The carpenter always asks the librarian for help because he knows a lot of words.	1
I should prefer to say, Commissioner, that, in the ongoing dialogue with the Americans, it would be better to be more generous when it comes to emissions trading in general than to introduce something which is extremely difficult to substantiate on the basis purely of research.	0
The mover hired the accountant because he wanted to balance his finances.	1
The developer corrected the secretary because they made a mistake .	0
That 's what they wanted me to tell you	0
They threw themselves into everything , while I , the good Jesuit student , weighed the pros and cons for so long , I 'd never decide .	0
You 're acting just like your father and you always said he was a dumb-ass	1
The designer gave the guard a hat and then stole their gun .	0
The housekeeper contacted the lawyer and asked her for advice.	1
I don 't want to hear about them or their books anymore , OK ?	0
I now ask Mrs Hatzidakis to become the promoter of another initiative, to have double shells adopted also for the road tankers that carry oil and other harmful substances on our motorways.	1
The cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques and gave them advice .	0
Biron , she hasn 't said a word	1
The housekeeper couldn 't understand the laborer and stared at them .	0
The baker is afraid of the sheriff because they look very serious .	0
The editor contacted the physician and asked her for health advice.	1
The sheriff questioned the housekeeper as they claimed to know the thief .	0
The guard is telling the tailor what design he wants.	1
Environmentally-aware high-earning citizens are free to make a voluntary contribution to cleaner forms of energy, within a liberalised market, whilst everyone else carries on in the same old way.	0
What do we tell her family ?	1
Thereby hypnotizing freud themselves .	0
The sheriff complained to the designer because she did not like the logo.	1
The developer argued with the designer because he did not like the design.	1
It is politicians who must safeguard the notion of equality in employment: the markets cannot.	0
The mechanic tries to approach the secretary because they can bring more business .	0
The counselor walked towards the cook and thanked her for providing the dinner.	1
The CEO is discussing with the writer about the book she will write.	1
The nurse saw the physician and asked her to take a look at the patient.	1
The attendant served water to the sheriff and then handed her a menu.	1
What can be the max penalty anyways , few crores pappu will happily drag the case to appeal after another and pay the fine , but punishment of jail term will serve as a detterence to rich haramkhors Now pappu is running from court to court to face the music for their nonsensical and shit level campaign where only thing that came out of their mouth was lies and more lies 😂 😂 😂 .	0
The hairdresser visited the developer and congratulated her for the promotion.	1
The construction worker asked the attendant to not lose their focus .	0
The construction worker prayed for the tailor because they were in the hospital .	0
And her character suffered greatly as well .	1
It is quite clear from the judgment that the judges took the view that Article 95 could be used as a legal basis for regulating the internal market.	0
The developer refused to take a book from the librarian because she always gave useless recommendations.	1
However , if she decides that you need to chip in , she needs to give you notice and a specific , reasonable amount each month .	1
Miss Elvira Meró was arrested by agent Ivaldi at 23 : 30 hours , when they tried to throw themselves to the train .	0
The housekeeper demanded a raise from the manager and she complied.	1
The cashier told the sheriff the money was lost but failed to convince her.	1
You speak of him as a man situated in between those two cultures .	1
The first time I ever stood up to my mom was when she bought good beer for her , and awful milk for me because it was 10 cents cheaper .	1
Wow I ' m really surprised he didn ' t make the roster .	1
The editor called the construction worker because she knew the whole story.	1
The sheriff asked the editor to withdraw the story because he always wrote too many details.	1
The manager told the receptionist that they must always dress formally for work .	0
The manager fired the baker and asked him to leave.	1
The driver shouted at the hairdresser and asked them to get out of the car .	0
I love Kikuchi and they are really fun to watch , but I would be shocked if Kikuchi was picked up by an MLB team .	0
Recently our Taoiseach, Mrs Ahern, clearly stated that the European Charter of Fundamental Human Rights should remain a political, not a legal document.	1
The supervisor asked the assistant to get their agreement .	0
Allow me, first of all, to congratulate your rapporteur, Mr Honeyball, for his excellent work and the report he has produced.	1
If she had been a republican , I 'm pretty sure it wouldn 't have been an issue .	1
Mr President, Mr Bowis has done an extraordinary job as rapporteur on this major and complicated issue.	1
The receptionist hated the laborer and sabotaged her.	1
The analyst awkwardly ran into the attendant who kept raising his voice with customers.	1
The carpenter likes to work with the designer because they always make great designs .	0
The carpenter always ask the librarian for help because he can only recognize a few words.	1
The chief returned a book to the librarian but he had damaged the book.	1
The physician prescribed the drugs to the designer, because she was sick.	1
The janitor was good friends with the cleaner because she did everyone favors.	1
There super excited but let them get to know their surroundings and it will help out a lot .	0
The nurse was running from the laborer because she smelled awful.	1
Thanks to the initiative taken by the Chairman of the Committee on Petitions, Mr Gemelli, the correct legal action has been taken to amend the 1994 decision by the European Parliament.	1
The accountant met the janitor and wished her well.	1
I would also like to thank the chairmen of the political groups in this Parliament who have accepted the stubbornness and obstinacy of the Members from the outermost regions so that this proposal for reform of the banana sector may be debated today in this House.	0
Just want them back	0
The driver picked up bread from the baker because they were employed as a delivery service .	0
The chief complained to the cashier about their poor performance .	0
This gives rise to a degree of legal insecurity unacceptable not only to our fellow citizens but also to industrialists who no longer know what fate has in store for them.	0
The construction worker never trusted the baker because she trusted nobody.	1
The lawyer respected the housekeeper because they were a hardworking person .	0
All the advocates of a liberal Europe are enlarging is the scale of misery of peoples already crushed by poverty and not only that but, on this occasion, they are imposing a political agenda which involves placing on an official footing a core of rich countries which will control an expanded European market.	0
The receptionist greeted the mechanic and gave her an apple.	1
Did he call him a racial slur .	1
The tailor visited the chief and helped her to adjust the pants.	1
The CEO ordered the cleaner out of the room because she wanted privacy.	1
It would be to the credit of the acting President-in-Office of the Council if he were to set things right in his own country too.	1
The lawyer helped the cleaner win the case without pay because they are a very generous man .	0
I just counted more hours since she doesn ' t need to get ready for work and drive / commute to anywhere , which she would have to do with a normal 8 hour job .	1
The thief ; that 's Poitras , who rigged their fight	0
The mover went to the house of the editor because he needed a mover.	1
The janitor hated working for the tailor but did what he said.	1
The janitor cleaned the librarian's room and he was grateful.	1
The janitor reprimanded the accountant because she made a mistake filing paperwork.	1
The construction worker scheduled an appointment with the counselor and asked him for advice.	1
The mechanic asked for the attendant because she was the only one who could help.	1
Our spokeperson, Mr Montfort, has done excellent work over the last few weeks, in-depth work in close collaboration with all his contacts.	1
The mover missed the call from the assistant and called him back.	1
It was for her she did all this	1
The clerk hindered the chief at every turn and even gossiped about them .	0
It has also been the source of tremendous disagreement between the fishermen, on one hand, and the scientists, on the other.	0
The construction worker hired the cleaner so she can focus only on the construction work.	1
The mover talked to the accountant and then asked them for advice .	0
You all are so obsessed with causing him to MELTDOWN .	1
Yes , I can well imagine the games help them to escape , but they are escaping from their family .	0
The mechanic helped the writer to fix the engine and they got some books in return .	0
The developer refused to take a book from the librarian because he always gave useless recommendations.	1
Men cannot go to work, boys cannot go to school, men cannot walk freely down the street, and they are stoned, to name but a few examples.	1
There must be clear checks and monitoring, even if only of a sample, and above all, a web site, where students can register their complaints.	0
It is true that we women are those who suffer most in war zones but we are more than just victims: we are the bearers of alternatives to war and violence and the builders and protagonists of change.	1
5pts with ARod vs their Boone .	0
The secretary contacted the driver and asked her for a ride home.	1
The carpenter told the baker she does not want cheese in the bread.	1
I ended up running after my nephew first as he was running towards danger ( him getting in the water without his floaters and he wasn 't a strong swimmer ) .	1
The tailor offered to make the construction worker a sweater and then kissed them .	0
The developer argued with the designer because his idea cannot be implemented.	1
I 'm the one who put the naked children 's photos in his things	1
The construction worker said sorry to the librarian because she was offended.	1
The baker gave the physician a bread and thank them for the help .	0
The laborer talked to the cleaner and listened to their complaints about the salary .	0
This legal basis, too, is completely worthless in my opinion, and that is why the unions, companies and colleagues here are right to refer to job losses.	0
No , they don 't suspect a thing	0
The mechanic looked down on the cashier and made inappropriate comments about them .	0
The clerk misled the supervisor so they got confused .	0
They pissed themselves !	0
The physician related the concerns to the teacher and scolded them for poorly following instructions .	0
greater than you , they made themselves free .	0
The counselor questioned the farmer 's sanity and forced them to take a test .	0
The chief demanded an apology from the teacher because she felt offended.	1
The editor forgot the salesperson's name because he meets so many people every day.	1
The lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier, because she needed to understand the case.	1
The developer was unable to help the librarian get organized and instead gave him a computer.	1
The janitor sends the editor sorted newspapers every day because she can get paid more.	1
What we did manage to achieve though, and what pleased me enormously, was that we were able to make it abundantly clear that special regulations must be introduced for religious communities, because we must make it possible for people to identify with the idea behind and the fundamental aims of these communities.	0
The construction worker waved the housekeeper into the room to get their answers .	0
The librarian reminded the mover how important the books were and she promised to be careful.	1
The mover judged the cleaner to be weak and moved their desk .	0
The mechanic talked with the counselor for such a long time because they knew little about the legal affairs .	0
The carpenter hired the cleaner because their house was a mess .	0
I have to bring him back to his mother if I want to have any fun tonight	1
The analyst blamed the accountant because he was in bad mood.	1
The mover saw how weak the clerk was and moved the desk for him.	1
The physician examined the teacher and they were grateful .	0
The thug life glasses and joint plus the addition of his IG tag put a nice topping on this cringe cake .	1
I 'd suggest condoms for the next 7 days and skipping the placebos / break since they need 21 pills in a row correctly to be protected continuously .	0
But thats like half of their discography anyway since they really have only 3-4 good albums .	0
The farmer's sanity was questioned by the counselor and she was forced to take his test.	1
Last Saturday, the physician called the tailor to fix her suit.	1
I am convinced that the day when men achieve real financial independence through their work, then they will be truly free and all other inequalities will have disappeared.	1
The laborer forced the housekeeper out of the house to stop bothering them .	0
The farmer visited the clerk so that they can approve a farming license .	0
You can see that all MEPs almost without exception are born to be Commissioners, as they want to expound on the issues.	0
The hairdresser walked towards the sheriff and thanked her for catching the thief.	1
The lawyer called the tailor and made an appointment with him.	1
Even if I was head-over-heels for Jeff , it would 've pissed me off to no end , especially since they knew that I prefer asking for consent before touching me like that.	0
It is not part of my portfolio to deal with energy, and particularly not with nuclear energy, but since Mr Martin has embarked upon an economic line of reasoning then I wish to make this remark.	1
Brown snatched the cellular telephone out of their hand and threw it out of the window onto an unknown street .	0
The librarian greeted the mover and reminded her to be careful with books.	1
The janitor waited for the hairdresser for a while because she wanted to have a new haircut.	1
Why do you think they should lie about themselves when it meant they would be killed ?	0
The housekeeper woke the physician up and told her someone was calling for her.	1
Perhaps the citizens of the European Union can understand that best if they evoke their historic memory and those long-past years after World War II, when the prospects for the Continent and European civilisation itself were extremely uncertain.	0
The cook talked to the editor because he visited the restaurant once.	1
The laborer built the librarian a bookshelf because she placed an order.	1
The supervisor yelled at the cashier because he liked to pick on his employees.	1
The lawyer hired the assistant because she was unemployed.	1
The laborer raced against the hairdresser and outran them .	0
They haven 't said a word to me in 10 hours and I 'm worried they are gonna take away my 3DS .	0
Indeed it was commented that on Wednesday evening when the Commissioner spoke about BSE, somebody drew attention to the fact that there were only 17 people in the House.	0
The physician owed the cashier money because they did not pay the vodka .	0
I know that my colleague Commissioner Lamy will want to pursue his thoughts and the Commission's latest thoughts on how to revive the WTO round with the United States and also with this Parliament.	1
In reality, it is the President who is being unrealistic if he thinks that it will be possible to enlarge the Union with such a Treaty.	1
At least they didn 't look like it	0
The managers of units and institutions must be given a certain amount of leeway in administration.	0
The lawyer hired the assistant because they were unemployed .	0
The mechanic hired the assistant because she performed the best during the interview.	1
I just counted more hours since they don 't need to get ready for work and drive / commute to anywhere , which they would have to do with a normal 8 hour job .	0
The laborer handed the secretary a hammer because he asked for a tool.	1
Did they call them a racial slur .	0
The developer was rude to the secretary because she was universally hated.	1
The editor asked the guard to leave the room and asked her to say nothing.	1
The accountant sent documents to the CEO and asked her to sign.	1
I just want him to come back blanche	1
The laborer told the baker that she should not use eggs in the cake.	1
The janitor talked with the auditor and passed him the files.	1
Then your masters will take it up with her landlord , or the King of England himself .	1
The manager suggested the cashier get a new job because she was cruel.	1
The laborer saw the tailor at the corner and talked to him for 2 hours.	1
The housekeeper always forgot to sweep until the CEO said so and appreciated her comments.	1
The chief hired the assistant because she had stellar grades in school.	1
I 'll talk to him for you .	1
The salesperson handed the clerk money because they found it on the floor .	0
The tailor talked to the manager and then asked them for a raise .	0
Why do you think he should lie about himself when it meant he would be killed ?	1
Mr Graefe zu Baringdorf, the representative who was ultimately entrusted with responsibility for this report, said that we have long been pressing for this open declaration and that we have redoubled our exhortations on the marketing of compound feed since the BSE episode.	1
What do you think they 'II do once they can search anybody 's brain ?	0
At her grandmother 's	1
The governor has proven that we can expect no better of him.	1
I asked them to marry me	0
The housekeeper cleaned the room for the chief and asked her for tips.	1
I will therefore advise my colleagues to support the report, including the one amendment.	0
Prior to that they didn 't think about what was going on ; it was simply them reacting to events and relying on their training .	0
The housekeeper cleaned the room for the cook and waited for her to tip him.	1
The lawyer hired the assistant because they needed help with many pending cases .	0
The mover rebuked the auditor because they had clearly made a mistake .	0
I shall be just as clear today, on behalf of the Presidency.	0
The janitor handed the writer a book because he wanted feedback.	1
Ok if she is even questioning whether or not she wants to be with you dump her immediately .	1
The nurse sent the carpenter to the hospital because they were extremely cautious .	0
The physician examined the hairdresser for cuts because they were clumsy with scissors .	0
The supervisor berated the accountant for her poor behavior.	1
The farmer enjoyed silent moments with the hairdresser and constantly went to them .	0
The guard saved the editor from the protestors and drove them home .	0
The nurse examined the carpenter and sent them to the hospital .	0
The physician contacted the editor because they were interested in publishing in a medical journal .	0
The sheriff asked the librarian for help as they were much more familiar with the library .	0
The driver took the editor on a ride because she wanted to show off the city.	1
The housekeeper saw the construction worker waving and walked to them .	0
You must approach them , so gather the courage and go for it .	0
We concur with the rapporteur where he has highlighted the importance of providing information about the risks, and the need for transparency, especially in the sphere of health and safety.	1
I 'm giving him a chance to earn my trust	1
careful , their boyfriend is a hairdresser	0
Also , at that age and with their limited income .	0
Then she explained to the people the pope gave the King of Spain authority over their lands in the name of God .	1
The mover offered to carry the desk for the clerk because she is weak.	1
The developer had a meeting with the teacher so she could develop a new software for taking class attendance.	1
Suzanne was deranged , almost always off in her own world	1
The mover rebuked the auditor because he knew things were fine.	1
The CEO liked the bread from the baker and bought from them regularly .	0
The manager praised the cleaner and elected him to be the employee of the day.	1
Firstly, will he come and speak to us as a militant on a future occasion?	1
The attendant told the developer there was a meeting and provided her the location.	1
A bit disappointed she was playing with her phone while her daughter was crying .	1
Then she left her for a man and as soon as she started dating men she became totally different .	1
The German Justice Minister initiated this; it was at his suggestion that the Tampere Summit decided to establish Eurojust over a year ago.	1
The sheriff asked the accountant many questions because she is a suspicious woman.	1
If then the student in that establishment, perhaps a Greek student, does not gain recognition for his diploma or degree in Greece, then I am afraid there is no alternative other than for him to address himself to the Greek authorities saying that he has been awarded a French or a British degree en bonne et due forme, as the French expression is.	0
The analyst awkwardly ran into the attendant who had messed up their order .	0
The cleaner did favor for the janitor and was liked by them .	0
The counselor called the chief and asked them for a permission .	0
The counselor asked the guard a few questions and praised her for the good work.	1
The construction worker never trusted the baker because her bread was bad.	1
The mover rebuked the auditor because they knew things were fine .	0
The Conservatives firmly condemn all the acts of violence committed following the elections and lament the victims.	0
The hairdresser raced against the laborer and outran her.	1
It 's when they gave us pops the other day	0
The lawyer accused the baker of negligence and then sued them .	0
The CEO got goods from the cashier and then paid them .	0
God themselves ?	0
The lawyer told the auditor to provide documentation because he needed to present proof in court.	1
The laborer was surprised that the auditor appeared because they said everything was fine .	0
Last Saturday , the physician called the tailor to fix their suit .	0
The CEO was examined by the counselor for fitness because his mental stability was questioned.	1
The chief visited the tailor because she needed to adjust the pants.	1
The analyst noticed the teacher was bad at math and made fun of them .	0
The driver brought the designer some ideas which they were very proud of .	0
They have shown that European issues can be worked with in a new and exemplary way, a way superior to that of the Intergovernmental Conference because of its open and democratic method of working, involving full public control and opportunities for citizens to participate.	0
These men, mostly from Korea, were raped and duped into becoming sexual slaves during the Second World War by Japan, which does not want to acknowledge this crime.	1
The mechanic looked down on the cashier because she is arrogant.	1
Commissioner Byrne was very strong today in her opening statement when she said to the House that she was prepared to look at this matter of meat-and-bone meal and take it on.	1
The hairdresser raced against the laborer and outran them .	0
The chief decided the clerk was bad at the job because he failed to produce the correct records.	1
The supervisor is talking to the teacher about the assignments they gave to the students .	0
He won 't go far but he can talk	1
The analyst loved to get a haircut from the hairdresser because they could sit on a comfy chair .	0
The sheriff protected the tailor in the accident and they received an award for that .	0
The lawyer asked the teacher some questions as she prepared for the trial.	1
Even if you dont copy his stuff it could get you thinking .	1
The farmer called the designer and asked them to design a website .	0
The manager fired the librarian because they always complained about their work .	0
Speaker after speaker, with a few exceptions, referred to the need for a Europe with constitutional rights.	0
I just wanted her to know	1
The editor called the construction worker because he wanted to know when the house would be ready.	1
The supervisor showed dissatisfaction with the receptionist because he was very careless about work.	1
With them were the survivors from their island , their hometown friends and four of their brothers , as close-knit as a Mafia clan ,	0
The supervisor provided the writer with new tools but they did not provide a new chair .	0
The receptionist talked to the salesperson and rejected her suggestion to buy the insurance.	1
The receptionist welcomed the lawyer because it is their first day to work .	0
The mover greeted the librarian and asked him where the books were.	1
The supervisor noticed the nurse performs bad injections and sent them to remedial study .	0
careful , her boyfriend is a hairdresser	1
Nate might take their life tonight .	0
The CEO was thankful to the auditor and trusted his good judgment.	1
Clearly, the speaker feels that Italian Socialists may not be part of the Group of the Party of European Socialists.	0
Frankly , I think she needs to hear it .	1
The mechanic followed carefully the model proposed by the designer because they are an important customer .	0
You said she had cramps .	1
The librarian guided the manager to the bookshelf and asked what she needed.	1
Ultimately they just grew into a brutal conqueror .	0
The manager has more money than the attendant since he is more senior.	1
The supervisor lied to the clerk and gave him incorrect information.	1
I agree with all of you who have said that we need more regional fisheries organisations and I agree with our colleague and other speakers that the Commission has a role to play in these regional fisheries organisations.	0
The sheriff asked the secretary to close the window because they were cold .	0
For she was too young to die	1
Incidentally, I am delighted to note, Mr Guy-Quint, that you are a specialist in this field who can be relied upon to debate the recast Financial Regulation in Parliament with competence and no doubt with passion too.	1
The janitor spoke to the counselor and explained to him the situation.	1
I think the criticism that the citizens of Europe were not sufficiently involved in the process to be unfair in part.	0
Of course, I give no opinion on the political assessments, and the group Chairmen will be able to make their opinions known through resolutions in time.	0
The laborer handed the assistant a hammer because he needed to beat in a nail.	1
I would also like to thank the Commissioner for his efforts and I hope I can assure him that the relatively low attendance in this House does not reflect the level of interest in this subject.	1
The driver picked up the accountant from the airport after she fueled her car.	1
The farmer gave the tailor a bag of apples and asked them to make a sweater .	0
Madam President, a few days ago, in Bari, the capital of the region of Puglia, which is one of the most important regions of Italy, the President of the Regional Council, Mrs Raffaele Fitto, who was a Member of this Parliament until June last year, was attacked and beaten up.	1
The nurse examined the laborer and call her an ambulance.	1
But Pizarro had him for breakfast !	1
The salesperson sold some books to the librarian and give him a discount.	1
The CEO reminded the housekeeper to sweep up because he liked to tell people what to do.	1
The salesperson provided a quote to the auditor and then showed him the merchandise.	1
Well , she called me directly .	1
I think he ' s proven some of the knocks on him wrong .	1
The citizens of Europe have continued to be insufficiently informed and if they had been consulted, as should have been necessary, in order to contribute towards drawing up the Charter, then its content would almost certainly have been rather different.	0
The cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques because they like to teach others .	0
This was the kind of religion that Cabeza de Vaca and his friends encountered along this route .	1
The housekeeper showed the janitor the direction because she has been there for twenty years.	1
The mover outran the hairdresser because she was in shape.	1
The developer needed feedback from the cashier because they were developing a banking system .	0
The manager spoke with the hairdresser and offered him a new job.	1
The assistant asked the physician if he could borrow some money.	1
They are merely amusing themselves .	0
I would thus like to tell him that we should perhaps wait until the Council has discussed this Charter, and then we will be able to see whether we can proceed further, and more quickly, with it.	1
The driver gave a free ride to the secretary because they were an old friend .	0
The CEO bought the accountant a car and gave them the key .	0
I was stunned recently to discover that there are up to 300 arms brokers in the south-east of England alone.	0
And, on one occasion, General Pinochet decided to come to Europe and, as soon as he set foot here, the European police forces set out to ensure that General Pinochet took responsibility for his actions.	1
I would like to inform you that the teacher in question invented the whole story and has confessed that he was not the victim of an attack at all but that his wounds were self-inflicted.	1
The cook asked the nurse for help because her mom was sick.	1
They tell me they are happy with their body but i notice how insecure they get eating around A.	0
The CEO raised the salary of the receptionist , because they did a good job .	0
The salesperson disliked the attendant because she did not buy the product.	1
The carpenter met with the teacher so that he could ask science questions.	1
The attendant could not understand the chief's problem and reported her to the union.	1
The auditor talked with the sheriff and wanted to hear her opinion.	1
The attendant did not want to fight with the guard and gave her flowers.	1
In this respect, I thank my fellow Member Mr Lagendijk for the clear statement.	1
We 'II miss her eh ?	1
The sheriff complained to the designer because he did not like the logo.	1
The prohibition on non-Hungarian citizens buying farmland is, however, an obstacle to setting a fair price for this land.	0
The farmer offered apples to the housekeeper , because they had too many of them .	0
The chief handed the baker money in payment for her bread.	1
The baker is afraid of the sheriff because she looks very serious.	1
The secretary asked the salesperson to leave because she was not interested in the product.	1
The analyst asked the cleaner to pick up papers because they always forgot .	0
WHY DIDN't 'T I HELP THEM ?	0
This little girl is grieving so much since her grandmother died that she hasn 't said a word	1
A number of MEPs had been asking for one for years.	0
The salesperson thanked the nurse because they bought the insurance .	0
The analyst would constantly make fun of the teacher because they were bad at math .	0
The physician told the nurse that they had been busy .	0
The salesperson sold some books to the librarian because it was his job.	1
The janitor cleaned the office of the counselor because it is her job.	1
The cook prepared dinner for the counselor and she liked it very much.	1
The construction worker admires the cashier a lot because their salary is higher .	0
The janitor asks the receptionist where to go because they know this building much better .	0
The mechanic not only explained several terms to the counselor but also wrote some down for him.	1
The baker gave the bread the chief and received her payment.	1
The laborer kicked the cashier because they said something bad .	0
The chief hired the assistant because they had stellar grades in school .	0
The laborer told the editor that they needed a job and handed them the application .	0
I should like to congratulate the rapporteur, Mr Liese, on his report and thank him for his efforts to reach a compromise.	1
The baker yelled at the mover because his stove was broken.	1
The developer was not recognized by the receptionist because he only paid attention to people wearing suits.	1
The carpenter made a desk for the clerk and gave him a discount.	1
My uncle just got released after a DUI and ended up paying over 10K for their stay .	0
The mechanic charged the auditor one hundred dollars although they had done no work .	0
The cook tried to avoid seeing the auditor because he would easily find the problems with the kitchen.	1
Shaw was slow on the uptake but Maguire was not going to be ignored and began pointing forcefully with their hand to where they wanted their left-back .	0
They hung themselves in their cell	0
The driver picked up the accountant from the airport because he could not find a bus there.	1
The guard complimented the designer for her excellent taste.	1
The tailor showed the carpenter the tools and let her try.	1
The developer could not understand the accountant because they only know how to code .	0
I pushed her to the end , in the hopes to save a generation against forces of evil	1
I ask you, therefore, to press the Commission to bring forward regulations as quickly as possible to give citizens the same rights as those that carry goods, in the event of them being prevented from enjoying the free movement to which they are entitled.	0
It would have caused him problems with the Church probably .	1
The guard visited the hairdresser and thanked him.	1
The janitor handed the writer a book because they wanted feedback .	0
The CEO is discussing with the writer about how they would like the story to be written .	0
The janitor talked to the auditor because they did not know which room they needed to clean up .	0
Don 't you think that he might not be aware of his cousin sending the message , his cousins might be playing a prank on him or something .	1
The supervisor gave the housekeeper a ride because he has a car.	1
The carpenter created a beautiful chair for the receptionist because they asked .	0
The lawyer represented the writer because he was in serious legal trouble.	1
The sheriff asked the accountant many questions because they are a suspicious woman .	0
The driver never drove the librarian anywhere because they were embarrassed .	0
The physician examined the teacher and he was grateful.	1
The mover called the secretary and asked him to come.	1
Welcome back to Parliament, Mr Péry.	1
BIanche didn 't have one big book ; they had two	0
It is also, however, a text in which its authors, even in the knowledge that they risk predictable political failure, reveal a vision that is focused above all on the powers and competences of the European Parliament itself, and call for ever greater resources for parliamentary intervention without dedicating a single word to the crucial role of national parliaments.	0
The Commisioner himself referred to this genocide as if it were something forgotten.	1
The supervisor called the counselor because he had some questions about the law.	1
It would be a good idea for Commissioner Patten, who has a great deal of experience, not to say wisdom, in managing international crises, to add to the visits which she has made to various regions of the Balkans by going to the headquarters of the Agency in Thessaloniki in order to see how this department works.	1
The laborer forced the housekeeper out of the house to keep her safe.	1
The driver would not give the paperwork to the auditor because he did not present an authorization form.	1
The secretary never saw the guard and did not want their job .	0
To some extent, those of us who are politicians find ourselves in the middle.	0
The mechanic stopped by the librarian because he needed to inquire about a book.	1
When President Prodi addressed Parliament on 3 October, she referred to the institutional triangle and stated that, in a European system based on checks and balances, the efficient functioning of each institution contributes to the common interest.	1
A junior staff officer in the German Army has since then been dismissed because of racist comments, and three police officers in Cologne have been suspended from duty for swearing at a Tunisian taxi driver.	0
The mechanic recognized the designer and then greeted him.	1
Yuki making a study guide for their makeup exam , Momiji covering their shift at work for them , Hatori providing care , Kisa staying by Tohru ' s bedside with them .	0
I welcome what the Commissioner said about raising this matter within the Palestinian context, but I want to take him back to the last part of his original answer.	1
And this is probably what they were speaking of when they said that they were breaking those nuts off to eat .	0
Some of them they describe for the first time ,	0
We thought it legitimate for candidates to have access to their marked test papers, since access to documents is a fundamental right and one that is also recognised in the Charter of Fundamental Rights we adopted this week.	0
He hung himself in his cell	1
The manager gave the attendant tips and asked him to bring some cookies.	1
The physician contacted the editor because she could provide help publishing in a medical journal.	1
This little girl is grieving so much since their grandmother died that they haven 't said a word	0
Ceferin 's attempt at self-deprecate to mock their own hubris fell flat .	0
The physician reminded the accountant that they had an appointment with another patient .	0
Because I laughed at their painting. papa chael brought their kids up well .	0
The chief talked to the secretary and showed him thanks.	1
The accountant never bought anything from the salesperson and hated all her offerings.	1
The salesperson talked to the auditor because she was worried about the audit.	1
She manages to catch her breath , and all cross-eyed , starts saying : " You shouldn 't move this rock , it is rock that never burns ;	1
The mechanic is discussing with the teacher about the course he is taking this semester.	1
When militants and those in charge of these associations decide to meet in order to celebrate the anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, their houses are surrounded by police and anyone trying to enter is harassed in the street by men dressed in civilian clothes.	0
The auditor bought the guard a gift and wish her had a nice holiday.	1
The carpenter always asks the librarian for help because they know a lot of words .	0
The developer spoke with the auditor and provide them new documents .	0
Meanwhile he 's been dating a girl WHO IS STILL CURRENTLY MARRIED ( while he was dating his now ex boyfriend ) whom he met on the same game he met me ( yeah , I know her ) She is in town this weekend and he forced me to put my cats in a room away from everything because she 's allergic to them .	1
The assistant purchased a new computer due to a recommendation by the salesperson , because they are persuasive .	0
The analyst consulted with the librarian because she needed to find a book.	1
The next few weeks , they tell us , they walked 300 or 400 miles across dry plains into barren mountains ,	0
The guard protected the assistant because he was threatened.	1
The laborer told the baker that they should not use eggs in the cake .	0
The driver went to the cashier because he seemed to need a ride.	1
I don 't remember their name but I liked them but everyone else hated them cause they actually made us work and pay attention .	0
The chief gave the housekeeper a tip because she was helpful.	1
Our spokesperson, Mr Titley, is proposing a bold resolution to Parliament.	1
The lawyer yelled at the hairdresser because she was mad.	1
The laborer handed the assistant a hammer because they were tired of working .	0
The analyst would constantly make fun of the teacher because he was bad at math.	1
The Member in question, that is yours truly, did attempt to approach the Commission, which informally provided him with information regarding a situation which could be described as a deadlock.	1
If I read it right I am the last speaker in the debate from the floor of the House.	0
Or maybe they were completely out of pee , and decided it was okay to sacrifice you to make sure they had enough healing for the next push .	0
Who would he replace .	1
The CEO asked the clerk to produce a report to justify his behavior.	1
I don 't think this guy had any idea what they were saying , they just seem to know that anti-semite is a bad thing so they were trying to use it as an insult , while also going on about anti-racists as if being against racism is a bad thing .	0
The auditor ignored the chief's warning and put her out of mind.	1
The mechanic called the nurse because they broke their leg .	0
The cook prepared dinner for the counselor and they liked it very much .	0
The carpenter created a beautiful chair for the receptionist because she was in love.	1
The supervisor is talking to the teacher about the assignments he gave to the students.	1
They were able to make a copy of their victim 's brain	0
The mechanic greets with the receptionist because she was in a good mood.	1
The salesperson knows very little about the teacher since they do not teach in that school .	0
The janitor asked the hairdresser some questions and let him in.	1
The construction worker handed forms to the clerk so that she processes an application.	1
In a press conference which is being aired live , a represntative of a top-class drama production company reveals his own dirty trick to the nation himself .	1
The mechanic fixed the housekeeper's car and then she issued a receipt.	1
The assistant hired the driver as she offered an excellent service.	1
The CEO bought the accountant a car because he needed one.	1
Is this confirmed at all by their producer or their family .	0
The assistant laughed at the janitor because she heard the joke.	1
But how would Cabeza de Vaca use their knowledge on their return ?	0
Stafford puts up big numbers that are definitely inflated by the dome and his pass attempts but he also isn 't surrounded with as much talent as others and he also has had some pretty awful pass protection in front of him .	1
The librarian helped the CEO to find the book because he asked.	1
The sheriff told the auditor to leave right now as they are investigating the house .	0
The attendant thought the mover needed help and offered her a hand.	1
The analyst noticed the cleaner forgets to pick up papers and reminded him.	1
The farmer complained to the cashier because they treated people disrespectfully .	0
The librarian stared at the CEO and asked her to leave.	1
The construction worker asked the hairdresser to cut her nails before anything else.	1
The sheriff told the auditor to leave right now as he is investigating the house.	1
And now Terje Vigen 's themselves again .	0
The baker talked to the supervisor and learned a lot from her.	1
Didn 't I tell you not to trust them ?	0
The mover offered to carry the desk for the clerk because he is weak.	1
Now at one he has four books and a small bucket of toys in his crib along with some small stuffed animals .	1
The nurse examined the farmer for injuries because they were caring .	0
The farmer offered apples to the housekeeper, because he might like them.	1
I heard it from the director himself .	1
They read the book , they had visions	0
Here 's the snap , looks to his right , finds his man , throws .	1
How did we reach a point in our evolution as humans to be offended when someone else doesn 't have our disease / illness but he associates him / herself with said disease / illness for no petty purposes .	1
The salesperson disliked the attendant because they did not buy the product .	0
Haunted me constantly for several months before I got the courage to tell my 10y / o self that they originate halfway across the world .	0
Badaboom was more than their dog	0
The baker argued with the manager and threw them bread .	0
The aim of this framework directive is to combat noise pollution on behalf of the European citizen.	0
The laborer reached the auditor for an inspection but offended them instead .	0
You want to burn them right here ?	0
The auditor needed to examine the farmer 's farm and arrived at their door in the morning .	0
The janitor fell in love with the secretary because of her nice hands.	1
The clerk misled the supervisor so he got confused.	1
Why didn 't her powers get passed on ?	1
The laborer dug a hole for the assistant because he had a shovel.	1
The baker gave the bread the chief and received their payment .	0
The mover is waiting for the nurse because he can clean the wounds.	1
The lawyer asked the teacher some questions on their misconduct .	0
The developer needed the clerk 's help with paperwork and asked them .	0
The janitor swept up the tailor's mess because he asked nicely.	1
Noticing that they destroyed their life and career driven by madness , and that their behave will make them loose prestige among friends and relatives , the new surgeon decides to pay for their actions and exiles themselves .	0
Look at them ...	0
The secretary asked the mover what they could do to help .	0
Casimero is a pretty controversial boxer in the Philippines , primarily because of their antics and their cockiness earlier in their career , that didn 't sit well with the Filipino boxing fans and most pretty much straight out hated them .	0
The salesperson tried to fool the writer but she saw through the trick.	1
The janitor cleaned the librarian 's room and they asked for a tip .	0
The sheriff asked the accountant many questions because they were suspected of stealing the money .	0
The CEO gave the cashier cash because they wanted to pay for their goods .	0
The supervisor asked the assistant to get his schedule for tomorrow.	1
The nurse sent the carpenter to the hospital because he was extremely cautious.	1
The carpenter often built objects for the attendant and got their love .	0
The physician hired the tailor and pleased him with generous payment for his work.	1
They simply don ' t care that they are guilty .	0
The driver would not give the paperwork to the auditor because she did not present an authorization form.	1
The cleaner eats more than the laborer because he works harder.	1
Human rights activists, trade union members, academics, journalists and students report constant harassment by the authorities.	0
I, along with all my colleagues, wish to welcome this annual report which is presented to us in a spirit of constructiveness.	0
Let us not forget that it was my Labour colleague, Mr Whitehead, who introduced the amendments exempting charity shops, and we should congratulate him on his achievements.	1
Maybe the vision will set them on a path to make a similar duel bladed lightsaber , but in their preferred blue color .	0
I should, moreover, like to pay tribute, at this point, to the deputy, Mr Sudre, for his open-mindedness and his consultative approach, which made it possible to successfully complete a report which offers our regions real hope.	1
Even if you dont copy their stuff it could get you thinking .	0
If the documents aren 't there , they decided it	0
Am I the one who lets himself be swindled , or you ?	1
The farmer ran faster than the tailor because he was weaker.	1
The analyst asked for a book from the librarian and then borrowed took nothing from him.	1
The analyst employed the housekeeper because he has good at cleaning.	1
The accountant prepared the tax report for the carpenter and asked her to pay.	1
But he already knows the scale ...	1
She gets to you doesn 't she ?	1
The analyst walked to the cashier because she needed to make a deposit.	1
The accountant sent documents to the CEO and asked them to sign .	0
The editor called the construction worker and asked her what happened.	1
The sheriff questioned the housekeeper as he claimed to know the thief.	1
The mechanic yelled at the accountant about the mistakes she made in the tax form.	1
The chief bought bread from the baker and paid them .	0
No instead you want to give him 30 % of the pie where you keep the remaining 70 % .	1
The janitor fell in love with the secretary because of his nice hands.	1
The janitor cleaned for the secretary and grew to admire him for his beauty.	1
The lawyer spoke with the receptionist and asked him to do a favor.	1
And they always keep it on them	0
The sheriff asked the accountant many questions because she was suspected of stealing the money.	1
Students must understand that there is a link between Nazism, Fascism and Zionism.	0
The rapporteur has done a lot of work and the Commission has produced an excellent initiative stimulated by colleagues who prompted the Commission during the last term.	0
This is giving rise to an anti-attitude which we cannot afford in the Union, given the large number of Turkish immigrants already living here, and which, given the increase in xenophobia, we must not afford.	0
The European Union must therefore support the initiatives by President Andrés Pastrana, aimed at achieving a negotiated peace between his government and the so-called National Liberation Army.	1
It 's much healthier for their daughter to see them healthy and happy even if that 's not with their dad , then in a toxic and volatile relationship with screaming and potential violence . * Secondary power that lets them absorb blood directly into their body to boost their own vitality and strength .	0
( Litmus test would be if they think Harry naming their child Severus was fucking stupid or not ) I also think a cartoon or artistic rendition ( think Vincent , but with an art style that just screams Harry Potter , like : https : / / images .	0
What 'd she say ?	1
The salesperson sold the assistant a new computer and taught them how to use .	0
The driver gave a free ride to the secretary because she wanted to repay a favor.	1
I have on many an occasion throughout this process thought that we were lucky when we chose him as rapporteur.	1
The secretary asked the mover when he is available.	1
It 's my word , against hers .	1
This particular subject is of great concern to British sugar beet growers as you can imagine, because it is about the only crop that is profitable in the UK at the moment.	0
The counselor helped the laborer because their salary was too low .	0
The cook saluted the baker and then offered him some help.	1
Mr President, I want to thank the Commissioner for his reply and say that I appreciate that at least a full explanation will be required.	1
The guard accused the receptionist of theft because they were missing their pen .	0
The analyst informed the baker the store is worthless because they made bad bread .	0
Like my very good friend Mrs Langenhagen I trust that the European Commission will review this issue before May next year.	1
The secretary was shocked at the laborer 's behavior and asked them to stop .	0
Orgeron said that he was going to over Pitts all second half .	1
The secretary asked the salesperson to leave because she disturbed people in the office.	1
You ' re not the buttface for coming on to her but you are for basically everything else .	1
The supervisor gave the housekeeper a ride because he lives far away.	1
We can also see that the Folgerecht does not actually advantage many artists.	0
The editor stopped the driver and asked her for a ride.	1
The supervisor asked the assistant to get their schedule for tomorrow .	0
When my Aunty Pam went overtime with each of their three children , they 'd take a teaspoon of castor oil .	0
The construction worker knew of the writer because she read books.	1
The nurse thanked the chief and handed her a present.	1
Also claims everyone at their college is mean to them , their classmates are all studying degrees that are to help people in life .	0
The physician examined the teacher and they were unable to find the source of the illness .	0
The lawyer needed the librarian to find a book because he knows how the library is organized.	1
The clerk misled the supervisor and gave her incorrect information.	1
The farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs and thanked him for teaching.	1
The laborer approached the baker and asked him about the weather.	1
The CEO bought the accountant a car because he is rich.	1
The salesperson likes to play tricks on the cashier and demanded money from them .	0
He 's hanging himself !	1
I congratulate Mr Theorin on this magnificent report and I believe that all of us, as men, should be happy, since it is we who are going to benefit directly or indirectly from his courageous and innovative proposals and contributions.	1
You are responsible for the health of millions of citizens, and also for the deaths of thousands of young people who have not been given sufficient information.	0
The cook prepared a soup for the hairdresser and asked him for tips.	1
The CEO constantly visited the baker because she provided free bread.	1
It is my view that the political prisoners, not least the many hundreds of Albanians, must be released without delay.	0
The receptionist helped the sheriff and she was very grateful for that.	1
OP 's explanation : --- > I think the effort of pulling this off alone makes this funny it 's an amusing perspective and she absolutely pulls it off and is obviously just happy making her dad laugh by being a little silly .	1
I welcome the President of the Court of Auditors, Mr Karlsson, and I immediately give him the floor.	1
The better is io and its not even close , if you can lvl up the last skill they also have a chance to stun the attacked enemie , and you only spend 2 energy summoning scila .	0
The guard asked the librarian to leave because it was late and she looked really tired.	1
In my capacity as draftsperson of the Committee on Petitions, I should like to congratulate the rapporteur for the excellent report on the mobility of students, researchers and persons undergoing training.	0
The farmer trusted in the receptionist because she was exceptionally organized.	1
The manager told the hairdresser that he did a good job.	1
The writer visited the mechanic and recommended her some books.	1
The mover bought a beer for the cashier because she just got the paycheck.	1
The physician called the assistant and asked him for help.	1
The carpenter told the baker he does not want cheese in the bread.	1
The analyst argued with the designer, because he thought the budget is too high.	1
I don 't know exactly how but just before her death , the madman was able make an electronic copy of her brain	1
The writer met the guard and signed an autograph for her.	1
I can only call on colleagues to go along with the recommendation of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market.	0
Mr Péry was Vice-President for some years, sat in this very chair, and we were always in a very safe pair of hands during difficult votes.	1
Top star , Kang Hyun Min is visiting here themselves !	0
The housekeeper borrowed the wrench from the mechanic and then kissed them .	0
The guard tried to be friends with the accountant and bought him a calculator.	1
It is true, as one of the speakers said, that we have to make an effort to inform people about the Charter, an effort that can begin in this Parliament.	0
The lawyer heard the arguments from the counselor and contested his account of the events.	1
The clerk works harder than the guard and gets more appreciation than her.	1
The clerk earns more than the guard because he is lazy and careless.	1
Imagine the kind of guy who would butt into a conversation at a party because he overheard you make a loose reference to a video game he plays--imagine how he smells , his acne , his loosely asperger 's-looking features--the way he would latch on to you because he has that one thing in common with you , and would desperately try to shift conversations to things he knows about : muh bidio games , he 's just a walking cringe factory .	1
The CEO ordered the cleaner out of the room because they were nosey .	0
The lawyer told the designer that he may lose his job due to the prosecution.	1
The lawyer needed the librarian to find a book and asked him to look for it.	1
The teacher met up with the supervisor and told her the concerns.	1
The developer spoke with the auditor and provide him new documents.	1
The designer called the farmer and asked them a few questions .	0
The construction worker asked the nurse for an examination because they were the best .	0
The physician wanted to meet the counselor because they had some questions about their responsibility in the medical accident .	0
The nurse examined the farmer for injuries because she was screaming.	1
I am full of confidence concerning what the Commissioner has said so far and look forward to his winding-up remarks.	1
The physician told the nurse that he had been busy.	1
The writer likes to have a coffee with the developer and discussed with her.	1
The developer asked the clerk to prepare the paperwork because they normally do an excellent job .	0
The manager likes the designer's product but he refused to allow a purchase.	1
The cook asked the designer if their new dish can be improved .	0
The carpenter received the editor's order and made him a table.	1
The mover offered to help the receptionist because he needed to prove his strength.	1
The construction worker felt sorry for the receptionist because her carelessness led to the injury.	1
The receptionist showed the driver the way to the hall because he is very familiar with the city.	1
The farmer ran faster than the tailor because they were weaker .	0
The lawyer needed the librarian to find a book because she knows how the library is organized.	1
The laborer was unable to make the housekeeper move and yelled at them relentlessly .	0
The writer called the sheriff and asked them to help .	0
Meanwhile they have been dating a girl WHO IS STILL CURRENTLY MARRIED ( while they were dating their now ex boyfriend ) whom they met on the same game they met me ( yeah , I know them ) They are in town this weekend and they forced me to put my cats in a room away from everything because they are allergic to them .	0
The construction worker asked the attendant to not lose his car.	1
The farmer trusted in the receptionist because she liked tall people.	1
The CEO rejected the designer's proposal because she felt ignored.	1
I know you 've secretly been to see her too	1
The developer visited the hairdresser because she needed to cut her hair.	1
The CEO is discussing with the writer about the book they will write .	0
To we modern people , this is the least believable part of his story ,	1
The mover followed the writer's instruction and waited outside his apartment.	1
The construction worker confirmed the accountant could do the work and handed the form to him.	1
The physician reminded the accountant that they should take care of their neck .	0
They were brutally treated , but they kept them alive ,	0
The janitor was good friends with the cleaner because she liked everyone.	1
The manager told the clerk to report to work early because she is lazy.	1
The housekeeper gave the driver a broom and told her where to clean.	1
The janitor does not like the baker because they need to help clean the messy machine every day .	0
This means that everyone involved in the sales chain who can affect the safety characteristics of a product now bears liability as a manufacturer, so that all dealers who carry out assembly work are classified as manufacturers.	0
The mover told the teacher that she needs to be more patient with the kids.	1
The janitor swept up the tailor 's mess because they asked nicely .	0
The guard was a big fan of the writer because she loved romantic novels.	1
He needs to receive care and be released immediately.	1
The manager meets the counselor every week because they want to make sure everything follows the law .	0
The hairdresser shouted at the driver because he crashed the car.	1
The guard checked the counselor 's identity and let them enter the building .	0
The farmer knows the editor because he likes the book.	1
The hairdresser visited the guard and thanked her.	1
I 've already told you about the books in which each generation of witches writes their discoveries	0
What do we tell their family ?	0
The European institutions have power and, for the sake of our citizens, we must set limits on this power.	0
The developer was unable to communicate with the writer because she only understands the code.	1
The nurse heard the farmer screaming and examined her.	1
While my DF has made remarkable strides from what seemed like him being a trained dog with her just six months ago , he felt like there was something we needed to do .	1
The President and his administration have devoted enormous efforts to the pursuit of lasting peace in the Middle East.	1
Mr Varela, chairman of the Committee on Fisheries, the committee responsible, has the floor again.	1
However, the citizen's right to defend himself against the public administration means that information must be provided.	0
We set out to follow in their footsteps ,	0
The manager discussed with the designer for a long time and tried to convince him to sell this idea.	1
The supervisor lied to the clerk and gave them incorrect information .	0
More than one hundred thousand refugees remain in West Timor, virtual human shields for the originators and perpetrators of crimes in East Timor.	0
The farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs because he helped many kids.	1
The janitor showed the housekeeper the direction and led him to the kitchen.	1
The editor forgot the salesperson's name because there is nothing special about her.	1
He wants kids , but he knows saying that outright means you 'll leave .	1
The laborer raced against the hairdresser because they thought it would be easy .	0
The hairdresser yelled at the lawyer and asked them not to come again .	0
Before I finish, Mr President, I wish to take this opportunity to welcome the functionary, Mr Söderman, and congratulate him on his work on fighting maladministration.	1
The salesperson disliked the attendant because he did not buy the product.	1
The cook prepared a dish for the teacher because he is hungry.	1
The physician talked to the attendant about a patient who they had no contact with yet .	0
You know , given how weak they were , I don 't think they probably went much further than you 're going .	0
I had JD Davis but he just sorta faded so I dropped him a few weeks back .	1
The teacher performed well for the manager and asked them for a raise .	0
What do you think she 'II do once she can search anybody 's brain ?	1
The counselor needed a ride from the driver and called them to schedule a morning pick up .	0
I love him he ' s one of my favorite players but he ' s such a lazy defender .	1
Pierre is the heiress to her powers	1
And what did they answer ?	0
If the documents aren 't there , he decided it	1
The natives were astonished that Cabeza de Vaca and their friends could walk for a whole day without needing food , " But by then , " says Cabeza de Vaca ,	0
The chief employed the receptionist because he can help to answer and record the phone orders.	1
When you assumed office, Mrs Schreyer, you assured us that you would strive to achieve this.	1
Yeah tell that to the 50 thousand people that watched them play , they practically blew up sea of thieves .	0
The carpenter is complaining to the cashier because they were overcharged .	0
Here 's the snap , looks to their right , finds their man , throws .	0
The janitor caught the cashier stealing the money and he reported it to the boss.	1
And he thicc .	1
With his canonical stats , his only counter would be Lysithea with cavalry effective magic .	1
In committee, I have had occasion to make a stand against the fact that there may also be experts outside NGOs that have something to say.	0
I know , but if Dove finds you , she 'II kill you	1
The mover missed the call from the assistant because they were busy .	0
The supervisor confronted the librarian and told them to produce the book .	0
The laborer asked the clerk for a favor but secretly hated him.	1
I will never be able to forget the feeling of disappointment I felt when I realized the only “ Mexican-ness ” we were going to get was a throwaway line about their parents being field workers .	0
The cashier hired the lawyer and gave her all the information.	1
Indeed I would ask the Commissioner to consider whether he can accept my amendment on this crucial point.	1
The only male Hermione I ' ve seen featured a trans male Hermione who in fact chose Hermes as his name .	1
I believe the report by our colleague, Mr Maij-Weggen, who in fact knows the situation well, satisfactorily addresses these aspects and therefore deserves our full approval.	1
Extending the European Union, at least in the first stage, to more than 100 million new citizens, will provide new impetus for the development and integration of the European economy as a whole.	0
Theirs count just as much as yours , if you really want to do that to your dad while he 's still alive and you 're still lucky enough to have him at all , it 's your wedding .	1
Then he shut off those lights and grabbed his backpack and left .	1
The supervisor blamed the receptionist for the mistake and fired him.	1
The carpenter always asks the librarian for help because she knows a lot of words.	1
The tailor made a sweater for the developer and charged her one thousand dollars.	1
The farmer knows the editor because she is really famous.	1
The janitor cleaned the room for the designer and he is grateful.	1
The chief thanked the nurse because they are very nice to their patients .	0
The CEO could not understand the attendant , because they spoke too fast .	0
The auditor admonished the supervisor and issued them a warning .	0
I would bring this up with the teacher ( and principal if necessary ) , and in the meantime , treat your daughter with compassion and help them figure out appropriate coping mechanisms ( beyond , " Just keep you desk clean and listen to the teacher .	0
The laborer was unable to make the housekeeper move and yelled at him relentlessly.	1
The assistant asked the physician if she could borrow some money.	1
The guard is talking to the baker about the thief they caught last night .	0
But is it really true that Writer Lee admitted that herself ?	1
The chief gave the housekeeper a tip because they were helpful .	0
The lawyer hired the assistant because she needed help with many pending cases.	1
On the other hand, we fail to understand the position of the Socialist Members.	0
The supervisor invited the designer to the party because she made big contributions.	1
The physician told the baker that she had cancer.	1
The farmer ran faster than the tailor because he was in shape.	1
Father got rid of everything that was hers .	1
Mr President, our group also supports the representative and thanks him for his good work.	1
BUT THEN THEY WALKED BACK INTO MY LIFE .	0
The mover offered to help the receptionist because she needed to prove her strength.	1
The janitor cleaned the librarian 's room and told them it is ready .	0
The mechanic looked down on the cashier and made inappropriate comments about him.	1
I 've already told you about the books in which each generation of witches writes her discoveries	1
Stage two will take place in December when our colleagues in the Committee on Budgets, but ultimately Parliament as a whole, will have to opt for a sound financial basis for this regulation.	0
The proposed Charter is unique in the way it gives a central place to the citizens and their rights.	0
The cleaner chatted with the salesperson and asked them to deliver a vacuum .	0
The analyst loved to get a haircut from the hairdresser because she would offer snacks.	1
The nurse examined the farmer for injuries because they were screaming .	0
The salesperson sold some books to the librarian and give them a discount .	0
Look at Lapointe who wants to kill me whenever they see me	0
The chief was always hounding the editor and told him to redo the work.	1
The cleaner hates the developer because they always leave the room dirty .	0
The previous speaker spoke of a sort of Marshall plan for this region and rightly so, I think.	0
The lawyer asked the secretary to prepare some documents because they needed them for the case .	0
Amadi , when a young child experiences strong trauma before age 5 , it can cause the child 's emotional development to freeze , preventing her from learning how to regulate her own emotions .	1
The laborer told the editor that he needed a job and handed him the application.	1
The janitor swept up the tailor's mess because she was told to do so.	1
On behalf of the Socialists in the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy, I should like to make a few brief comments.	0
The mover is waiting for the nurse because they can clean the wounds .	0
The carpenter owed the counselor some money and she had to do more work to pay the debt.	1
This report was referred to by President Chirac in his speech to Parliament some weeks ago.	1
The driver hit the clerk because he was using a cellphone while driving.	1
I will never forget the way Jake would comfort me if they saw that I was upset .	0
The manager promised to give a raise to the teacher because he performed well.	1
The developer complained about the nurse because they have a bad attitude to patients .	0
And the nub of their argument was this - that the conquests in the New World were wrong and had to be stopped , that the only way was peaceful conversion through love and kindness .	0
If they said " my dad " people would assume their parents are either divorced or their mom died , but divorce is more common .	0
The mover refused to obey the designer because she did not think the pedestal could support the artworks weight.	1
Im having a hard time with him now .	1
The laborer talked to the cleaner and listened to her complaints about the salary.	1
The baker tried to hide the mold in the kitchen from the salesperson but instead made her angry.	1
These measures drafted by Socialist MEPs are an important step in combating international crime and I urge the House to support these reports.	0
In particular, the President of the current Transport Council has a great deal of work to do in his own country in the near future, even though he will not be the President any more.	1
What do you do if she shoots him in the middle of the street ?	1
The experts, as such, are specialists, but a politician cannot be either their obedient servant or another expert: he must hear, consult, reflect and then produce on his own initiative, or else he may as well give up politics and leave law-making to the experts.	0
The laborer kicked the cashier because he said something bad.	1
This was the kind of religion that Cabeza de Vaca and their friends encountered along this route .	0
The cook talked to the tailor because his apron needed to be fixed.	1
Biron , she kissed me , right here !	1
He probably is I just want him cause he is my favourite part 4 charcter .	1
The librarian satisfied the lawyer's request and handed her a book.	1
Madam President, I would like to join Mrs Patrie in warmly thanking our delegate, Mrs Liese, for all her efforts to find a consensus.	1
And right now , she only has yours .	1
The housekeeper bought the product from the developer and asked her to set up.	1
That is the only right and the only sensible way of investing the money at our disposal on behalf of our fellow citizens.	0
The construction worker gave the tax return to the accountant because she didn't know what to do.	1
âctually , I 'm certain we 'd find very interesting things in that book they took from blanche 's house	0
The physician noticed the librarian's eye twitched and treated him.	1
However , if they decide that you need to chip in , they need to give you notice and a specific , reasonable amount each month .	0
The construction worker asked the hairdresser to cut his nails before anything else.	1
The Commission should also take much stronger emergency humanitarian measures, doing everything possible to provide aid to Afghan men and involve them in their activities.	1
BIanche 's didn 't tape her meetings with people	1
The cleaner wrote to the manager and asked them for advice .	0
The manager promoted the housekeeper because they appreciated the dedication .	0
I have to bring them back to their mother if I want to have any fun tonight	0
The mechanic followed carefully the model proposed by the designer because he wants to meet expectations.	1
The salesperson noticed the accountant never bought anything and then hated him.	1
As a confirmed secularist, I could not possibly endorse it.	0
The guard admired the secretary because his job was so dangerous.	1
The teacher provided requirements to the developer and asked her if those would be possible to implement.	1
The secretary texted the cook what she needed to prepare for the boss.	1
There was a mistake in the original analysis, and that has been corrected now, but I would like the delegate, Mrs Morillon, to briefly comment on these two points.	1
The developer tried to convince the housekeeper that they need the software .	0
The receptionist recognized the developer and led her to the lobby.	1
Madam President, I thank the Commissioner for her explanation and for the fact that she came in to talk on this subject this morning.	1
The lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier , but they may have been falsely accused .	0
In the social and cultural field, leaders recognised the vital importance of better educational links with specific initiatives for promoting mutual awareness, including an enhancement of inter-university cooperation and electronic networking between schools.	0
The lawyer offered free legal advice to the attendant , because they liked to help .	0
Today we are witnessing the pauperisation of wage-earning men all over Europe, including France, where 15% of them live on less than FRF 3 650 a month.	1
If citizens are to feel involved in the European Union, its policies and institutions, then it is up to the Members of Parliament in particular to disclose more of the critical decisions, the contradictions, the divergent interests and projects driving the economic and social operators within the European arena.	0
The manager suggested the cashier get a new job because he was underperforming.	1
I ended up running after my nephew first as they were running towards danger ( them getting in the water without their floaters and they weren 't a strong swimmer ) .	0
Let me tell you that the committee chairperson has put no questions on this to the Commission.	0
then they hung up Come on , hurry up !	0
The hairdresser shouted at the driver and got out of their car .	0
You realize how many flip flops he made in just this last week .	1
The laborer told the baker that they needed a cake by tomorrow .	0
The mechanic stopped by the librarian because their car turned off in the middle of the road .	0
For example, in many sectors, products are no longer assembled by the manufacturer, with the component parts instead being delivered to dealers.	0
The construction worker never trusted the baker because their bread was bad .	0
And it 's the Indians who give them the first clue to this transformation , isn 't it ?	0
The teacher and the janitor were chatting about their overwhelming cleaning duties .	0
BIanche left him a paper with clues we should follow	1
Yes but , it 's important , it might be linked to her death	1
The analyst asked the secretary to book a flight because they will travel abroad .	0
I congratulate Mrs Theorin on this magnificent report and I believe that all of us, as women, should be happy, since it is we who are going to benefit directly or indirectly from her courageous and innovative proposals and contributions.	1
My boyfriend had their appendix removed when they were around your age too .	0
The physician told the nurse that she had been busy.	1
I do not share the reservations expressed by our honourable Member, the Chairman of the Delegation for Relations with the Countries of Central America and Mexico, Mr Seguro, with regard to the issue of human rights.	1
These are not my own words; they were spoken by Commissioner Patten, and he is perfectly correct.	1
The receptionist welcomed the lawyer because this is part of his job.	1
The carpenter tried to prepare for the auditor 's visit but they did not have the correct paperwork .	0
It was for them they did all this	0
The developer had a meeting with the teacher so they could develop a new software for taking class attendance .	0
The laborer owed the tailor because they offered to make a free suit .	0
The auditor asked the construction worker some questions because he knew the details.	1
The janitor spoke to the counselor and explained to them the situation .	0
The chief notified the assistant and asked him to take note.	1
The driver transported the housekeeper to the job because she was beautiful.	1
The lawyer asked the cleaner some questions and then decided to help him without pay.	1
The carpenter hired the cleaner because they were favorably recommended .	0
The assistant asked the physician if she needs any help.	1
The developer tried to convince the housekeeper that he needs the software.	1
The chief thanked the secretary because his salary was raised.	1
The nurse gave the developer the prescription and told her not to worry.	1
The nurse saw the construction worker get injured and examined them .	0
The mover said thank you to the housekeeper because he is grateful.	1
I was at rolling loud 2018 when they performed it the first time , too bad they weren 't that hype for it since it was the first performance .	0
The manager asked the accountant for the books because she felt the work was wrong.	1
The supervisor hit the cashier and then issued them an apology .	0
The laborer managed to convince the clerk to give up because she was weaker.	1
The guard asked the cashier to be more careful because they were often careless .	0
Even many established artists, whom it would benefit, have voiced their opposition to its introduction for reasons of professional solidarity.	0
It seems to me that the Commissioner must show the industry that he is doing all he can in this context to deal with this external threat to our industry.	1
It is sad but very enlightening to learn from the Spanish Minister of the Interior, Mr Mayor Oreja, that there is no point in talking, even if a new cease-fire were to take place in the future.	1
The manager agreed to raise the assistant's salary because he is a generous man.	1
They cried for weeks , but to protect their sister , they decided to have an abortion	0
Instead , they found a poor landscape totally unsuitable for colonisation ,	0
The mechanic borrowed the broom from the housekeeper and then kissed them .	0
The manager asked the auditor to stay late because he is often slacking.	1
That ' s because she died when she gave birth to me .	1
The counselor warned the developer that she had to obey the rules.	1
The cook prepared dinner for the counselor and they were praised for that .	0
I just want him to come back	1
The mechanic charged the auditor one hundred dollars although he had done no work.	1
The cook had to hire the accountant so that they can provide help with financial matters .	0
The nurse approached the manager and then helped them with a problem .	0
This is the sword with which my father killed himself , by order of the Mikado !	1
We are therefore dealing with one of those challenges that are occasionally faced by politicians who must find the best way to safeguard the governability of institutions, as well as the best way to provide the citizens with a good administration.	0
As MEPs, we ourselves are very often concerned by crime.	0
To we modern people , this is the least believable part of their story ,	0
Nobody cares about caring about not caring about them canceling their subscription dude. the last performance didn 't sound like them and I have their first two CDs ) .	0
I thought he preferred the company of bucks .	1
would you stop saying " She " ?	1
There super excited but let him get to know his surroundings and it will help out a lot .	1
As the President of the Commission, Mrs Prodi, said, qualified majority voting, together with codecision, Article 62 linking the Charter with the Treaties, is to be the litmus test.	1
The mechanic stopped by the librarian because she needed to inquire about a book.	1
The developer could not understand the accountant because she slurred her speech.	1
The salesperson tried to persuade the hairdresser to buy something and he succeeded.	1
The attendant blamed the driver because she was late.	1
The sheriff complained to the designer because she did not meet expectations.	1
But we do need a constitutional text for Europe as quickly as possible, a text for our citizens containing clear, comprehensible statements on Europe, telling them what rights they have, where the Union has taken over responsibility, what powers the Member States should exercise, including in the future, and how Europe intends to do its job, with every guarantee that the rule of law will protect their human rights.	0
The analyst walked to the cashier because they could help to deposit a check .	0
The chief talked to the librarian and asked him for a book recommendation.	1
The sheriff thought the cashier took the money and questioned him.	1
The analyst was tired of getting bad reports from the receptionist and told him to leave.	1
The developer complained about the nurse because they received bad service .	0
The secretary walked towards the mechanic and told her what was the problem with the machine.	1
The librarian showed a book to the analyst and then lent her something else.	1
Well , they called me directly .	0
The assistant purchased a new computer due to a recommendation by the salesperson, because he is persuasive.	1
The laborer wanted to take the attendant 's job because they were tired of manual labor .	0
The laborer was surprised that the auditor appeared because they did not expect an audit .	0
The farmer used the accountant for crop tabulation because he found the work confusing.	1
The cashier sent the cook a present and expressed thanks to her.	1
The supervisor told the cleaner the good news that their salary was going to be raised .	0
The mechanic yelled at the accountant about the mistakes he made in the tax form.	1
The lawyer needed the librarian to find a book and asked them to look for it .	0
Yeah but with all people that come to see her , it 's kind of normal	1
I bet Ola would love to go to the mountain farm themselves tonight .	0
He can lightning bend so there 's that , and the dragons enlightened him , but I don 't know how much that is worth .	1
At least, that is what both the political leaders and the people are calling for today.	0
The CEO raised the salary of the receptionist, because she did a good job.	1
The sheriff protected the writer because she is under attack.	1
Yeah , that 's what he told me at the hospital , word for word	1
It didn 't take him long to find something that struck his interest , and he asked Kojo about it .	1
The salesperson talked to the hairdresser and tried to sell something to him.	1
The carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant because it is their birthday .	0
It is not in order for us to postpone the vote because some colleagues cannot be here in the evening.	0
He 's merely amusing himself .	1
I believe that the deputy is right when he calls for greater participation to defeat poverty and social exclusion at this time.	1
The CEO gave the cashier cash because he wanted to pay for his goods.	1
The cook had to hire the accountant so that she can provide help with financial matters.	1
The cleaner thanked the construction worker and gave her a ride home.	1
The laborer handed the secretary a hammer because they asked for a tool .	0
The driver gave a ride to the cleaner so that they would be indebted .	0
The salesperson told the baker to stop selling bread because they found mold in the kitchen .	0
The guard helped the assistant and told him to be careful next time.	1
We 'II roll them to the car	0
They want their scoop They won 't talk	0
The manager agreed to raise the assistant 's salary because they worked very hard .	0
The supervisor demanded the librarian produce the book because they often stole .	0
The final text will reflect the discussions between the leaders, but good work has already been carried out.	0
The developer was unable to help the librarian get organized and instead gave them a computer .	0
The sheriff trusts the assistant because he is a trustful person.	1
In my opinion, and I say it in the presence of a former attorney-general of Ireland, the Commission has not yet shown sufficient resoluteness in pursuing this matter.	0
Therapy for them , as soon as possible .	0
The mechanic greets the receptionist because he was standing in front of the door.	1
The librarian gave some books to the salesperson and asked them to read .	0
The manager promised to give a raise to the teacher because he was generous.	1
Since i taught him all my favorite games ,	1
He now calls himself Amédée .	1
The secretary asked the mover when they are available .	0
The cook needed the attendant to be a taste tester and asked him.	1
The laborer built the librarian a bookshelf because he was paid.	1
The analyst loved getting haircuts from the hairdresser and went to him often.	1
The carpenter admires the work of the hairdresser because she is the best.	1
It kinda made me sad that the show took almost one year to film after audition tapes were sent in , the way she said “ get me out of here ” really pointed out how much she wanted a chance even back in 2018 : ( .	1
European Liberals are certainly prepared to play their part in bringing closer the prospect of Turkish membership and the spreading of prosperity, stability and security to all European peoples.	0
We are not only protecting the rights of young people, since the same applies to researchers.	0
For fear of spreading panic among the citizens or with a view to avoiding commercial disasters, certain governments did not provide the Commission with the necessary information quickly enough or did not immediately call a halt to consumption of the products in question or ban their export at the first signs of danger.	0
Yes , bring hers .	1
The driver went to the cashier because they needed to make a deposit .	0
When the winter comes , the farmer visited the librarian frequently because their work required less attention .	0
The mechanic looked down on the cashier because they are arrogant .	0
The developer corrected the secretary and told them not to worry .	0
I now come to my final point, that of migrant women, which is, of course, a very specific problematic area.	1
As a seven year-old girl she was forced to flee her country before the advance of the Red Army, a fugitive hiding in ditches to avoid being strafed by Soviet aircraft.	1
The cleaner hates the developer because they spent a lot of time cleaning the room .	0
If I recall correctly , he 's avoiding the kerbs so he doesn 't shake the car to pieces .	1
If she said " my dad " people would assume her parents are either divorced or her mom died , but divorce is more common .	1
The sheriff protected the tailor in the accident and they are very grateful for that .	0
The hairdresser asked the janitor some questions and gave her a new haircut.	1
The laborer raced against the hairdresser because he is slow.	1
The lawyer declared the baker was a liar because her prices were too high.	1
The mover moved the desk for the cleaner because she is weak.	1
I think she looks sad because jill is starving her to fit into that wedding dress from when she was 13 .	1
Was apparently so bad I straight up can 't remember almost anything about her or her class .	1
He had to write this to the audience that were now feeding him , which was Spain .	1
Gastonne loves me because she thinks I 'm a man	1
Got them !	0
The salesperson tried to fool the writer but they were caught .	0
The auditor caught the developer cheating because he is dishonest.	1
My bad , she was in a max house .	1
The CEO constantly visited the baker because he needed bread.	1
The assistant scanned documents for the analyst because they know how to use the scan machine .	0
Broadly speaking, the Christian Democrats welcome the proposal for a directive establishing a general framework for employment equality.	0
No specific candidates were discussed at ASEM III.	0
The janitor gave the clerk some documents which they required .	0
The clerk asked the mover to help carry the desk and thanked them .	0
I acknowledge the work carried out on this text by Mr Cerdeira Morterero, your spokesperson.	1
The lawyer offered a free legal advice to the attendant, because she liked to help.	1
The mover told the teacher that he needed to make space for the sofa.	1
We have to get him to the hospital	1
It says they looked the numbers up on their own .	0
The baker packed the janitor some bread and waited for her to pay.	1
The driver would not give the paperwork to the auditor because she was afraid.	1
The sheriff visited the teacher and asked him some questions.	1
The farmer 's sanity was questioned by the counselor and they were forced to take their test .	0
He used to live with his parents , but due to a falling out they kicked him out , he spend a few nights with one of his friends .	1
The physician examined the hairdresser for cuts because he was clumsy with scissors.	1
I acknowledge the work carried out on this text by Mrs Cerdeira Morterero, your spokesperson.	1
The construction worker never trusted the baker because his bread was bad.	1
At the end of the day , keeping him lean and fit will be the best thing you can do for his joints , dysplastic hips or not .	1
The chief told the counselor that he could have the day off.	1
The sheriff talked to the clerk because she needed help with some paperwork.	1
They have a Roger Mayer at their feet .	0
The accountant contacted the lawyer because she needed to know more details about the law.	1
I think they have proven some of the knocks on him wrong .	0
Before our wedding , my husband 's coworker asked if it was alright for her to bring her daughter to the wedding .	1
The mechanic told the hairdresser that he made a nice haircut.	1
I also welcome the attention given to the problem of discrimination against the elderly.	0
The cook saluted the baker and then offered them some help .	0
This girl will marry a sailor themselves , likely .	0
The mover hired the accountant because she wanted to balance her finances.	1
The chief returned a book to the librarian but he complained of being late.	1
The laborer handed the assistant a hammer because they needed to beat in a nail .	0
The guard appreciated getting treatment from the nurse because he felt very sick.	1
And if Jane isn 't home sick in bed , that internship of theirs is over .	0
The construction worker prayed for the tailor because she was in the hospital.	1
The nurse examined the carpenter and sent her to the hospital.	1
I wish to congratulate the deputy for her great commitment in dealing with this report on a programme of Community action for combating social exclusion in which poverty can be an important factor.	1
They deliberately set up to be the most aggressive and divisive they could be when they became leader , so that they could try to establish the Lib Dems as the remain vote .	0
The mechanic is discussing with the teacher about the course he is offering next semester.	1
It seems to me right not to include adults incapable of giving consent in clinical trials that could be carried out on adults who are capable.	0
The chief refused to help the attendant with the car because that was his job.	1
If it turns out that she didn 't have 本 in her name , then a lot of this speculation gets blown out of the water .	1
The chief employed the receptionist because they can help to answer and record the phone orders .	0
The mechanic tries to approach the secretary because she can bring more business.	1
The farmer gave the attendant some tips even though they were very poor .	0
The analyst offered free financial advice to the nurse but he did not accept it.	1
But he was ruined by his enemies and he died a pauper ,	1
This all reminds me of Jerry Jones recently saying , “ Oh , I hope the little darling didn 't hear something they hadn 't heard before , " in reference to that ref penalizing Garrett for language .	0
The Commission have begun to take a tentative but welcome step in that direction and perhaps the Commissioner will say more about that when he replies.	1
The auditor bought the guard a gift because they are effective .	0
I Iove her and don 't take me wrong but I Iove her more than I ever loved your mother	1
The lawyer respected the housekeeper because she was a hardworking person.	1
We can also make a start on assessing the Commissioners and giving them marks according to how good they are.	0
The housekeeper said thank you to the mover and give them a hug .	0
The auditor bought the guard a gift because she is thankful.	1
The driver crashed into the designer's artifact and paid him a lot.	1
The developer built a website for the tailor because he wants to sell cloths online.	1
I towed it for them and tipped the driver in advance 10 bucks .	0
 Come on  x4 And that weird look he got in his eyes and they just went on talking about something else .	1
The clerk visited the physician because they are an expert on the disease .	0
Fela , themselves has already made the Shrine popular for all the Africans .	0
The European Union must, as the Palestinian leaders expressly request, henceforth take bold action in order to put an end to the gunfire, to promote effective dialogue and actively militate in favour of applying the UN resolutions.	0
The laborer owed the tailor because he offered to make a free suit.	1
The physician saw the auditor and examined them for sores .	0
Some hunters found him , Iike that , two weeks later	1
The sheriff complained to the designer because he did not meet expectations.	1
The mechanic fixed the problem for the editor and they are grateful .	0
The receptionist did a good job for the farmer and earned her trust.	1
Mr Varela, the chairman of the Committee on Fisheries, has the floor to give his opinion.	1
It was a great honour to be able to work with my colleagues in the European Parliament and from the national parliaments on drawing up this Charter.	0
The mover rebuked the auditor because she had clearly made a mistake.	1
What can be the max penalty anyways , few crores pappu will happily drag the case to appeal after another and pay the fine , but punishment of jail term will serve as a detterence to rich haramkhors Now pappu is running from court to court to face the music for his nonsensical and shit level campaign where only thing that came out of his mouth was lies and more lies 😂 😂 😂 .	1
I am happy to be able to give the honourable Member the assurance that these rules will not apply in circumstances of private use.	0
The driver offered a ride to the teacher but they had an accident on the way .	0
The way Mr Aung San Suu Kyi was treated is more than enough evidence that we cannot enter into a dialogue with this regime at this stage.	1
If inspection is not complied with and we are not in a position to inspect the inspectors, then all the thinking being done in connection with the safety of our fellow citizens will be undermined.	0
I spoke to Ryusuke-kun on the phone yesterday and he said to say hi .	1
Didn 't they make their band successful all by themselves ?	0
The carpenter owed the counselor some money and they never asked for any interest .	0
When the stability pact for the reconstruction of South-Eastern Europe was created, no men at all were appointed in spite of their unique experience in peacemaking at grass roots level.	1
The chief thanked the nurse because she was properly looked after in the hospital.	1
The sheriff suspected the hairdresser was the murderer but she had no proof.	1
I know how much attention Mr Gayssot pays to the action of Equasis and now to Galileo, which we must implement.	1
The sheriff showed the accountant some documents and told him that he was arrested.	1
I have been a Member of the European Parliament for 15 months now.	0
The clerk misled the supervisor so they got fired .	0
The mechanic hired the cleaner because they can clean everything up very quickly .	0
The manager promoted the housekeeper because he was an efficient employee.	1
Let us call it hope capital instead, as I proposed to Mr Kauppi, who agreed with me.	1
And she became obsessed	1
The construction worker waved the housekeeper into the room to ask her a question.	1
The Spanish advance party told A tahualpa that Pizarro loved them dearly and would fight for them against their enemies ,	0
The famous Russian opposition politician, Grigori Jawlinski, has made it into western newspaper columns again lately.	0
The driver would not give the paperwork to the auditor because he was afraid.	1
That 's almost as sad as a girl coming to a strange bar by herself .	1
I think it is a very relevant question because the fate of refugees is being placed in the hands of, for example, airline and airport staff.	0
I was the only one who could save himself , and here is the stone .	1
She hasn 't said a word to me in 10 hours and I 'm worried she 's gonna take away my 3DS .	1
The carpenter went to the writer's house and fixed the window for him.	1
The editor called the construction worker because she wanted to know when the house would be ready.	1
The lawyer spoke with the receptionist and asked them to do a favor .	0
The construction worker admires the cashier a lot because her job is too tiring.	1
The CEO called the teacher to talk about her son's performance.	1
The farmer ran faster than the tailor because she was weaker.	1
The farmer asked the designer what he could do to help.	1
There " s the black knave himself ...	1
Let us call it hope capital instead, as I proposed to Mrs Kauppi, who agreed with me.	1
It sucks they aren 't as fun and pure and fiery as Bernie. and with that money they bought the new house .	0
The mechanic told the hairdresser that they made a nice haircut .	0
The hairdresser befriended the cook because she gave good tips after a haircut.	1
The chief hired the assistant because he needed help with paperwork.	1
The cook secretly stole the librarian's books to make her less trusting.	1
The laborer called the accountant because they made mistakes about the salary .	0
The nurse noticed the driver limping and examined her.	1
In concrete terms, this means employing additional inspectors, broadening the competences and the scope of inspection, notably concerning respect for social standards and for shipboard living and working conditions, and their publication.	0
What did they say to you ?	0
If sales have dropped off , I do hope they decide to diversify and offer different kinds of videos - like you said they ' ve been around a while , and clearly have their own MO , but I hope they don 't decide to simply stop if sales are falling .	0
But she failed	1
First of all I would like to send my best regards to Commissioner Viviane Reding and thank him for the initiative he has shown in the field of sport.	1
The carpenter admires the work of the hairdresser because he is the best.	1
The janitor reprimanded the accountant because they got less allowance .	0
The receptionist drove away from the salesperson because he had to answer the phone.	1
The laborer asked the accountant to join the meeting but he forgot.	1
The auditor issued a warning to the salesperson and then handed them a notice .	0
The last straw was the season finale Duncan got hurt they had a chance to earn their spot back and they put in a lazy and uninspired performance like they had their foot out the door turns out they did. that 's on their bumper .	0
The farmer trusted in the receptionist because he was exceptionally organized.	1
British Conservatives support Commissioner Bolkestein and we intend to consider, in the course of this debate, and subsequently as the debate proceeds and as the amendments are considered, whether we will vote against the further compromise, however much I respect and the report as a compromise in the face of many difficulties.	0
The analyst sent a report to the editor because she put in a request yesterday.	1
The supervisor noticed the hairdresser's long hair and told him to get a haircut.	1
The counselor anticipated the sheriff's investigation and filed a complaint against her for mishandling evidence.	1
The sheriff saw a video of the counselor and went to interview him.	1
The construction worker never trusted the baker because they trusted nobody .	0
If the discoveries of what 's her name ?	1
Yeah but they snap their aim around really fast and it looks cool .	0
You think they would have shared the spotlight on a case like this ?	0
The analyst would constantly make fun of the teacher because he was a bully.	1
At the moment there are too many possible entrepreneurs outside the economy, just because of inadequate insolvency rules.	0
The secretary asked the salesperson to leave because he was not interested in the product.	1
The sheriff talked with the auditor and wanted to hear his opinion.	1
The guard protected the teacher because she was brave.	1
If they were you would not need to ask this question .	0
We should remind ourselves that the EU resources come directly or indirectly from European citizens.	0
The accountant accepted the work from the construction worker and took the form from her.	1
I saw him He can 't be very far	1
This time , it was the Chairman himself who did it .	1
In this very sorry saga, farmers have in many cases been the innocent victims of circumstances beyond their control.	0
Yet , they gave it to Pierre	0
Mr President, may I first congratulate the rapporteur very warmly on his report, which certainly gives a very good, consistent and comprehensive picture of the situation as he sees it.	1
What type is she ?	1
BIanche left them a paper with clues we should follow	0
The nurse carefully examined the guard and issued them a prognosis .	0
This kinda shit should oust politicians from office immediately especially when it ' s a blatant lie shot down by the subject of the lie at hand Sorry I mean this should oust trump because he ' s not politician .	1
The efforts of the rapporteur, Mr Haug, to incorporate our suggestions on that subject deserve a great deal of gratitude.	1
The nurse offered to help the analyst and then provided her a pillow.	1
I am impressed by the political consensus that exists and by the leadership exercised by Prime Minister Mart Laar.	0
The supervisor is talking to the teacher about the assignments she gave to the students.	1
I would very much like to thank the Commissioner for her comments on the legal basis.	1
As friends, however, we are too dubious about the wisdom of their decision not to refrain from putting them on their guard.	0
The analyst received care from the nurse but he did not mention his allergies.	1
The farmer noticed the receptionist was tall and afterwards trusted them .	0
At the same time, I would like to reassure him that I am perfectly willing to listen, especially as I shall be in Ireland the week after next and will be fostering close contacts and entering into discussions with the entire fishing sector.	1
The physician reminded the accountant that she had an appointment with another patient.	1
He was always a work horse with the touch of a donkey , but you have to admire how much he has grown since he 's joined Spurs .	1
The first 2 weeks are tough , even communication on the field is kind of challenging because his teeth and jaws will have some trouble adjusting .	1
The tailor fixed the apron of the cook and she was very thankful.	1
The laborer built the librarian a bookshelf because they placed an order .	0
The chief praised the accountant because he is professional and patient.	1
The cook asked the designer if she likes the new dish.	1
To me she looks like every other middle aged asian woman with makeup on .	1
All his acting sucked even then .	1
This all reminds me of Jerry Jones recently saying , “ Oh , I hope the little darling didn ' t hear something he hadn 't heard before , " in reference to that ref penalizing Garrett for language .	1
When the stability pact for the reconstruction of South-Eastern Europe was created, no women at all were appointed in spite of their unique experience in peacemaking at grass roots level.	1
Lastly, I too, like my colleague Mr Kauppi, support nuclear energy as the only long-term solution to reducing CO2.	1
Not that I wanted it or even knew what the hell she was talking about .	1
The physician argued with the receptionist as her luggage was missing.	1
It 's also better for the child , because he / she doesn 't have to live with a family that didn 't even want him / her .	1
I can assure my Irish colleagues that the vignette proposal is being made in full cognisance of the euro-vignette directive and is likely to be along similar lines to those already in place, as Commissioner Vitorino explained, in many of the present Member States of the European Union.	0
The nurse asked the lawyer about the case and thanked her.	1
In the meantime , nobody has actually laid eyes on him since he went to the hospital .	1
The salesperson sold some books to the librarian because it was her job.	1
For my own part, finally, the quality of our food concerns me less than the eating habits of our citizens in general.	0
The woman only talked about her husband who left her	1
emile , without that scoop , his career is over	1
The guard is talking to the baker about the thief he caught last night.	1
The CEO noticed a problem in the clerk's reports and asked him to produce evidence.	1
Many are in fact asking themselves, Commissioner, why Europeans are always so quick to introduce taxes and new rules?	0
I have no objection to its being drawn to our attention that the Italian Government has made a certain claim, but especially since the Commissioner has disgracefully shown that he perhaps believes the claim, let us put the word "unconvincingly" in or reject this amendment.	1
The lawyer asked the secretary to prepare some documents because she needed them for the case.	1
I would like the Commissioner to confirm that he will thank the NGOs working in the field.	1
The physician examined the auditor for sores because she was thorough.	1
The guard asked the cashier to be more careful because she saw a dangerous person.	1
After that they won 't be able to do anything	0
Before falling asleep completely , the elder sat up and left a kiss on the younger 's lips , whispering " I love you " before returning to his position .	1
What happens to their base of supporters when the GOP turns their back on them .	0
The CEO helped the nurse because he wanted to help.	1
The guard appreciated getting treatment from the nurse because he did a good job.	1
The carpenter hired the cleaner because he was favorably recommended.	1
The farmer gave the housekeeper an apple and wished them a good day .	0
I don 't understand why we should give him his share	1
They ... themselves ... and none other ...	0
Much of his story , is still misunderstood because we don 't know for sure what route he took ,	1
A few hours ago the owner of most of Russia's independent television, Mr Vladimir Gusinsky, was arrested in Spain.	1
The lawyer accused the baker of negligence and then sued him.	1
The cook prepares some food for the writer every day because they requested that .	0
I am myself the author of this wording in the form of Amendment 72, adopted by the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy on 10 October 2000.	0
As a result, Morocco dispatched its Minister for Foreign Affairs and Cooperation to New York on 26 October to attend a private meeting with the Security Council after a similar meeting was held with the Secretary-General of the Polisario Front on 19 October.	0
As a member of the Maltese delegation and, coming as I do from one of the most peripheral islands in Europe, I support the country's application for membership.	0
Mr President, my initial impression of President Kostunica is that he is a very pragmatic politician since he assumed power in the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.	1
The mechanic talked with the counselor for such a long time because he could not understand those engineering terms easily.	1
The hairdresser broke down in front of the construction worker and begged them to stop .	0
I can only imagine what it 's like to work there under his leadership .	1
The guard asked the cashier to be more careful because he was often careless.	1
At their grandmother 's	0
The assistant got some document from the analyst and helped them do the scanning .	0
The attendant was always impressed by the carpenter 's gestures and understood their love .	0
I fear they are a woman of great beauty .	0
They now call themselves Amédée .	0
The driver transported the counselor to the hospital because he was paid.	1
The laborer talked to the cleaner and complained that their salary was too low .	0
The teacher asked the the physician about the best course of action and believed her.	1
The assistant helped the cook for preparing food and learned from them .	0
If I told Stephanie I 'm still mixed up with my old gang and that I do worse things than before , they wouldn 't understand that I 'm doing it for them	0
The farmer kicked the assistant because she was very angry.	1
The counselor warned the developer that they had to obey the rules .	0
The salesperson sold the assistant a new computer and taught him how to use.	1
The chief encouraged the writer because she likes the book.	1
The CEO helped the nurse because they needed help .	0
The teacher ordered a dish from the cook and gave her some tips.	1
The lawyer yelled at the hairdresser because he did a bad job.	1
These negotiations were always going to be hard but Commission officials believed that a deal would be done at the end of the day because political leaders across the world simply had too much to lose by returning home empty-handed.	0
The writer wrote the janitor a poem and handed her a bill.	1
We, as elected Members, are outraged that 51 democratically elected members of the NLD are in prison, victims like James, of inhuman and cruel abuse.	0
In Timor, the militias block the return of the refugees and relief workers are besieged.	0
The physician examined the auditor for sores because she complained.	1
I welcome this excellent report from my colleague Mr Skinner.	1
It 's important to remember that we actually don 't know the order of his paintings and there 's a decent chance that he was still doing perfectly normal paintings of cats late into his apparent mental decline .	1
I would say to my colleague, Mr McNally, that he paints a pretty picture of windmills in the sea, but I must tell him that the engineering difficulties and the costs involved make that technology, as with electricity from the sun, rather a long way off in the future.	1
No from a business standpoint its fucked because they have never made a good spiderman except spider verse and they will just ruin the character again so I might not watch anymore spiderman movies even though hes my number one favorite marvel character the mcu character hes number 3 so sony just fucked him .	1
Italy has repeatedly requested the extradition of this multiple murderer from France, where Mr Lojacono lives freely, so that he can finally serve his time.	1
The farmer enjoyed getting a haircut from the hairdresser because they did a good job .	0
The CEO was examined by the counselor for fitness because her mental stability was questioned.	1
The CEO raised the salary of the receptionist, because he did a good job.	1
The construction worker said sorry to the librarian because he was offended.	1
I once again thank the President-in-Office of the Council for what she had to say and for the very great determination that she expressed.	1
The manager approached the nurse and then helped them with a problem .	0
You mean her girlfriend is a hairdresser	1
So just because it happened last year when Modric received theirs it is hardly a reason to call them specifically out for it .	0
The accountant walked towards the developer and gave her a cup of coffee.	1
I am sure that Mr Solbes, the Commissioner responsible for this matter, will come to the details and I will transmit your message next Wednesday.	1
The guard bought the auditor a gift and wished them a nice holiday .	0
We 'II roll him to the car	1
As the President of the Commission, Mr Prodi, said, qualified majority voting, together with codecision, Article 62 linking the Charter with the Treaties, is to be the litmus test.	1
The carpenter helped the housekeeper to fix the window as they knew nothing about those tools .	0
There 's got to be a clue on their body to lead us to Stef	0
Contrary to what previous speakers have said, I do not believe that this strategy has been successful to date.	0
The nurse was running from the laborer because he was very busy.	1
I Iove them and don 't take me wrong but I Iove them more than I ever loved your mother	0
The mechanic hired the assistant and gave him an orientation.	1
In this letter, Mr Hautala made mention of our support and sympathy for the efforts undertaken by the President, Mr Fontaine, to set up negotiations on our own Statute.	1
The Representative is running around looking for funding by themselves .	0
The receptionist was tired of getting bad reports from the analyst and told her to leave.	1
The mechanic told the hairdresser that he needs a fancy haircut.	1
I wish to express my gratitude, mainly to the authors of these two reports, but also to Commissioner Verheugen.	0
The carpenter stopped the housekeeper and helped him.	1
I don 't remember his name but I liked him but everyone else hated him cause he actually made us work and pay attention .	1
I thought they were playing around so I grabbed their hand and pulled them towards me .	0
They probably are I just want them cause they are my favourite part 4 charcter .	0
The clerk argued with the driver and refused to pay her tips.	1
The natives were astonished that Cabeza de Vaca and his friends could walk for a whole day without needing food , " But by then , " says Cabeza de Vaca ,	1
That 's what she wanted me to tell you	1
I would also like to stress that there has been unacceptable provocation by a leader of the Israeli extreme right known for his extremist activities in the past.	1
She 's legally competent as far as I can tell , but I want to protect her from getting a margin call that I would have to pay out of the account .	1
He was able to make a copy of his victim 's brain	1
The attendant talked with the physician and was surprised about her knowledge.	1
The cook struck a friendship with the clerk because she rated the restaurant favorably.	1
They said they were performing tonight , so I asked if they were a dancer .	0
The mechanic stopped by the librarian because her car turned off in the middle of the road.	1
At the same time , that other woman prepares herself for a happy night .	1
And they became obsessed	0
My second comment is that the previous speakers complained that the European Union pays, but the US is listened to.	0
That 's almost as sad as a girl coming to a strange bar by themselves .	0
I would also like to thank the rapporteur, Mr Haug, for the magnificent work that he has done as the rapporteur responsible for the budget and for his efforts in dealing with the requests that the various committees have made.	1
The chief asked the cleaner to leave immediately after they finished cleaning .	0
The laborer constructed the librarian a bookshelf and handed them a bill .	0
They have run marathons in the last two years and upped their weekly distance all the time and they have decided that next year they are going to focus on shorter stuff and speedwork and do some gym / swimming stuff .	0
Mrs Varela, the chairman of the Committee on Fisheries, has the floor to give her opinion.	1
The supervisor invited the designer to the party because they made big contributions .	0
The analyst asked the counselor about their recent nightmares .	0
Looks like they defended themselves .	0
The salesperson handed the clerk money because they were responsible for lost items .	0
The cashier owed the physician money and refused to pay them back .	0
My colleagues and I extend our deepest condolences to the family of the victim of the senseless ETA terrorism in Spain.	0
Id love to eat them up .	0
The mechanic fixed the housekeeper 's car and then they issued a receipt .	0
Yeah , that 's what they told me at the hospital , word for word	0
I want to see them again	0
The lawyer declared the baker was a liar because he often jumped to conclusions.	1
Madam President, allow me to start by thanking the deputy, Mrs Brok, for her extremely thorough and balanced work.	1
The sheriff asked for a menu to the attendant and then asked them a question .	0
It 's as if he had taken a photo of her mind to allow him to search her memory like an album	1
But you know , they aren't really gone yet	0
The guard bought the auditor a gift and wished him a nice holiday.	1
The lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier and helped him to win the case.	1
In vain they were telling themselves , that it would be madness .	0
The lawyer asked the secretary to prepare some documents and she promised to finish it in three hours.	1
Mobility inside the European Union is one of the essential conditions for enabling European citizens to feel that they are full members of this Europe we are gradually building.	0
The teacher gave the farmer a book and asked her to read.	1
The developer built a website for the tailor because they want to sell cloths online .	0
So just because it happened last year when Modric received his it is hardly a reason to call him specifically out for it .	1
The clerk earns more than the guard because she works hard.	1
The sheriff protected the writer and gave him a gun.	1
If he wants to get into the game as a coach , scout etc he should find a mentor and save the 80k .	1
The salesperson greeted the attendant and tried to sell him something.	1
The analyst visited the writer because she made some mistakes in the book.	1
The Representative is running around looking for funding by himself .	1
The lawyer declared the baker was a liar because they often jumped to conclusions .	0
In this way, Parliament would function as a link between the Council and the citizens, and that is why it is entirely appropriate that this proposal should be incorporated into this regulation.	0
The editor never respected the chief and gave her bad work.	1
The analyst informed the baker the store is worthless because she made bad bread.	1
The mover talked to the accountant and then asked him for advice.	1
The farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs because they helped many kids .	0
The guard was a big fan of the writer because he loved romantic novels.	1
The mechanic greeted the receptionist and gave him an apple.	1
The guard protected the teacher because they were cowardly .	0
You don 't owe them any .	0
I know how much attention Mrs Gayssot pays to the action of Equasis and now to Galileo, which we must implement.	1
The cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques and gave him advice.	1
At ages 16-17 , her brain is not yet fully formed , she is not capable yet of fully rational thought .	1
What this highlighted was that unless some serious remedial action is taken on the financing of the ERASMUS Programme and the kind of support that is made available to students, there will be inequality between those whose parents can afford to send them and those whose parents cannot.	0
Women are double victims of armed conflicts since they are also subjected to rapes and sexual abuse, which have sometimes been used as weapons of war.	1
The janitor caught the cashier stealing the money and he asked for mercy.	1
I am most grateful to Commissioner Verheugen for clarifying the question of the closure of nuclear power plants.	0
the night they were killed , you saw it , you 're sure ?	0
The laborer eats more than the receptionist as she is on a diet.	1
The chief encouraged the writer because they wrote a good book .	0
Pls add my son who has played since season 11 and is desperate for an umbrella as all their friends at school mock them for not having one .	0
Theirs count just as much as yours , if you really want to do that to your dad while they are still alive and you 're still lucky enough to have them at all , it 's your wedding .	0
The sheriff questioned the cashier because she was told the money was missing.	1
The guard never talked with the accountant because they never patrolled the interior .	0
Yes , some say they were dazzled by the power of Cortes .	0
Ahhh I totally forgot about that one 😂 They just jumped on them and started swinging 😂 .	0
O Duke , you who know life and women , you sinned against Alviano , but he sinned even more against himself , because when I saw him , there , with my father , in all this splendour he created through the burning power of his mind ,	1
The supervisor hired the secretary because they have difficulty in keeping everything organized .	0
The sheriff protected the tailor in the accident and he is very grateful for that.	1
The counselor called the analyst and asked her about the next appointment.	1
Then Pizarro gets up and they take their sword and ... draws a line in the sand .	0
The supervisor was impressed by the tailor because he is easily impressed.	1
Put him on a weaker ace the whole way and he showed AQ -in another heads up pot I had AJ he led out on a turned J. ^ ( narrator : " he didn 't see " ) . > Because it would signal that he ' s compromised and we can ' t trust that he ' s working in America ' s best interest when they have that kind of leverage over him clouding his decisions .	1
Slap up side the head in front of their mates would make them think twice about fucking up again .	0
Got him !	1
The farmer did not want to talk with the writer because she was busy with irrigation.	1
Why on earth would they share that with their friends if it were no big deal . * Posts their stats on Twitter following a team loss , that all improved with the change in their usage .	0
The developer needed the clerk's help with paperwork and asked him.	1
The nurse was running from the laborer because they smelled awful .	0
It 'd be great if we all got this completely wrong , and they are sick of their BF starting arguments over who was more influential : Euclid or Pythagoras .	0
The chief interrogated the hairdresser because he noticed a clue at the salon.	1
The tailor yelled at the driver and called her a fool.	1
The auditor caught the developer cheating and reported her.	1
Something has happened to him .	1
Napoleon III came to Algeria twice to proclaim himself King of the Arabs .	1
The hairdresser hated the supervisor's hair and never complimented her.	1
The laborer told the teacher that she needed to speak louder in class.	1
But their men now have had enough of their promises .	0
The sheriff relies on the attendant because she is trustworthy.	1
She can do what she wants and you can not date a smoker .	1
We, the Swedish and Danish Social Democrats, have today voted in favour of the EU budget for 2001.	0
The developer had a meeting with the teacher so they could provide feedback on a new software for taking class attendance .	0
The driver transported the housekeeper to the job because she had a car.	1
The sheriff asked the nurse to go together because they need help to deal with the accident .	0
The developer traded services with the baker because they did not own a kitchen .	0
The baker handed the lawyer some bread and then asked her to pay.	1
The farmer explained the business to the clerk and told him about some common troubles.	1
I should like to mention that the President of the Republic will be accompanied, as is usually the case, by her delegation.	1
The hairdresser cut the cook's hair and asked her for tips.	1
The construction worker waved the housekeeper into the room to ask them a question .	0
blanche wanted to skip the thirteenth generation , the thirteenth chapter , the evil one , so she could pass on her powers to someone good	1
The lawyer represented the writer because he was a big fan.	1
The cook prepares some food for the writer every day because he requested that.	1
The carpenter tried to prepare for the auditor 's visit but they demanded too much .	0
Perhaps we should think about the victims for a change, and all the relatives of people who have died of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease.	0
The chief complained about something to the cashier but he was not listening.	1
This could involve in certain cases putting an interpreter at their disposal.	0
Never had Sanders voting or wavering in his support of the gay community , and it was attempting to smear him otherwise .	1
The janitor reprimanded the accountant because he had to pay a fee due to an accounting mistake.	1
The teacher befriended the janitor and told her about school gossip.	1
Luzardo If they can stay healthy I see some future awards for them .	0
The construction worker asked the assistant to make a list of today's meetings and thanked him.	1
The receptionist showed the driver the way to the hall because they are very familiar with the city .	0
The CEO ordered the cleaner out of the room because he wanted privacy.	1
The baker passed the box to the guard and asked her to make the delivery.	1
The formation of a high level group is something that I commend to my colleagues.	0
When you assumed office, Mr Schreyer, you assured us that you would strive to achieve this.	1
Therefore, we cannot just talk about products and the organisation of markets without thinking about those citizens.	0
The manager likes the designer 's product but they refused to allow a purchase .	0
The CEO reminded the housekeeper to sweep up because he often forget.	1
The counselor helped the laborer because her salary was too low.	1
I would like to commend the delegate on his work.	1
The supervisor noticed the accountant was unable to follow protocol and berated them .	0
Mr President, I think we owe a great deal to the promoter of this resolution, General Morillon.	1
I thank the honourable deputy and friend for what he said about our delegate Michael Graham and his staff in Belgrade.	1
My partner calls the cops who come and tell them to simmer down and go home OR catch a disturbing the peace and menacing charge .	0
The guard passed the box to the baker and appreciated his baking skills.	1
Did my lord acquit himself well in the House today ?	1
The salesperson thanked the nurse because he was taken care of properly.	1
The analyst was angry at the clerk as they did not get any useful information .	0
The guard checked the counselor's identity because it is her work.	1
Indeed, citizens have the right to expect that ships are safe and that they can transport their cargo in an environmentally acceptable way without endangering the life and economy of people living on nearby coasts.	0
The guard accused the receptionist of theft because she looked guilty.	1
The housekeeper gave the driver a broom and told them where to clean .	0
And naturally , I gave it back to them with a heel hold !	0
The janitor was good friends with the cleaner because he did everyone favors.	1
The construction worker went to a meeting with the secretary and ask them a few questions .	0
Make them come back , I beg of you !	0
The hairdresser shouted at the driver because she felt offended.	1
We are walking closely with the Commissioner for the environment, Mrs Wallström, on a number of EU regulations and directives, which will help control greenhouse gases in the European Union.	1
The rapporteur, Mr Maaten, has, with good reason, proposed reinforcing that legal basis with a reference to another article, Article 133 on external trade, and furthermore has proposed a series of amendments to some of the articles with the aim of preventing this directive being challenged on the basis of the case-law established by the judgment of the Court of Justice.	1
One of my professors did this too , except their wife published the book as well .	0
She did well for herself , our Victoria .	1
The cook served food to the editor and left him satisfied.	1
The mover is waiting for the nurse because she broke her arm.	1
The carpenter admired the receptionist and made him a chair.	1
The baker handed the lawyer some bread and then asked them to pay .	0
Mr President, I would firstly like to thank the deputy for his efforts and praise the important work of the institutions in their approach to animal health which also, of course, facilitates the protection of human health.	1
The driver took the editor on a ride because they wanted to show off the city .	0
Rubén was never himself again .	1
The physician examined the auditor for sores because they complained .	0
The driver went to the cashier because they seemed to need a ride .	0
The nurse sent the carpenter to the hospital because of her health.	1
But Konrad didn 't shy away from their destiny .	0
The analyst received care from the nurse but they did not mention their allergies .	0
The chief encouraged the writer because she wrote a good book.	1
The editor tricked the sheriff into believing everything was fine and published the story about her anyways.	1
The analyst offered free financial advice to the nurse but they did not accept it .	0
Several honourable Members referred to the situation of prisoners in Turkey.	0
It kinda made me sad that the show took almost one year to film after audition tapes were sent in , the way they said “ get me out of here ” really pointed out how much they wanted a chance even back in 2018 : ( .	0
I thank the Commissioner for his continuing commitment in the field of maritime safety.	1
She said she wants to kill me !	1
The developer could not understand the accountant because he slurred his speech.	1
The construction worker needed to talk to the housekeeper and waved them in .	0
Mr President, I should like to thank the Commissioner for his answer, and I have a supplementary question.	1
I have a letter from another constituent of mine who draws to my attention that he has been in prison since 28 March 2000 on similar suspicion.	1
The CEO did not trust the cleaner and asked them to leave .	0
The developer wanted free bread from the baker and made up a story for him about not having a kitchen.	1
Situations of this kind have severely eroded the confidence of the citizens and organisations concerned.	0
The baker yelled at the mover because her stove was broken.	1
The receptionist showed the driver the way to the hall because she was new in that city.	1
The developer did not find the attendant in the room and left him a note.	1
The cook secretly stole the librarian's books to make him less trusting.	1
The receptionist did a good job for the farmer and earned their trust .	0
The cashier kicked the laborer and refused to apologize to them .	0
Mr President, let me begin by warmly congratulating the rapporteur, Mr Bowis, and let me also inform the Commissioner, David Byrne, that we appreciate the proposals he has put before us in this White Paper and the relations he has established with Parliament with a view to preparing the best possible legislation in the field of food safety for the future.	1
The assistant needed the laborer's help and asked her to a dig a hole.	1
The teacher talked to the salesperson and invited her to dinner.	1
The assistant got some document from the analyst and helped her do the scanning.	1
The supervisor showed dissatisfaction with the receptionist because they were very careless about work .	0
The CEO could not understand the attendant, because he was deaf.	1
“ She may not want to go out with friends .	1
The baker wanted to thank the carpenter and made some bread for her.	1
However the regulations are drawn up, someone will suffer.	0
The supervisor criticized the attendant because he made some mistakes.	1
The salesperson met with the counselor because they were distressed .	0
The guard was a big fan of the writer because she was the best at writing romantic novels.	1
The guard works harder than the clerk and gets more appreciation than him.	1
The hairdresser was fine with the farmer 's silence and cut their hair .	0
The sheriff questioned the cashier because they had taken the money .	0
The hairdresser talked to the salesperson and tried to give her a new haircut.	1
They struggle to be themselves , they want to be accepted by society and they want to both be a Muslim too .	0
The construction worker knew of the writer because they were constantly in the news .	0
And I don ' t know how standing behind a Rein shield makes them unable to brawl either .	0
The manager asked the accountant for the books because they had made many errors previously .	0
Come on x4 And that weird look they got in their eyes and they just went on talking about something else .	0
The mechanic called the editor and told him to get the car back.	1
The secretary took down the farmer 's petition which was the hope to improve their life .	0
When I was re-elected to this Parliament in June 1999, I naturally joined the Group of the Party of European Socialists.	0
In the face of the joint efforts by the representatives of several governments in the Council, particularly the Portuguese Government, and members of various Parliamentary groups, in which it is fair to highlight the Portuguese Socialist members, the dialogue held between the Commission, the Council and Parliament decided to reinstate the whole of the funding laid down in the first Council reading for the Cohesion Fund payments, and Parliament has just ratified this position.	0
The cook prepared a dish for the teacher and hoped they enjoyed it .	0
The analyst employed the housekeeper because they could not stand housework .	0
The baker yelled at the mover and asked her to leave.	1
The housekeeper troubles the physician a lot because they know nothing about the medicine .	0
When they hear that , my great-aunt is overtaken by vertigo and starts shouting : " Stop !	0
Madam President, I share at least one certainty with the deputy, Mrs Blokland: incineration may be a significant source of pollution but it is in fact necessary today, given the very low levels of waste recycling.	1
But considering the urgency, our spokesperson seeks in his Amendment No 6 to have this Protocol adopted as quickly as possible that is, according to Article 34 (2) (d) of the Treaty on European Union, when a majority of Member States have notified their approvals.	1
The mechanic is discussing with the teacher about the course they are taking this semester .	0
The driver yelled at the tailor after she broke a window.	1
The physician told the nurse that she can go back home.	1
These are not my own words; they were spoken by Commissioner Patten, and she is perfectly correct.	1
I mean they are not necessarily j * rich but they are certainly isn 't poor .	0
The analyst goes to the tailor because they need a new suit for their interview .	0
The lawyer asked the secretary to prepare some documents and he promised to finish it in three hours.	1
or so she puts forward .	1
I know I 'm grasping at straws , but if you have their DOB or maiden name I can try a search again .	0
The cook prepared a dish for the teacher because he just learned a new dish.	1
The construction worker waved the housekeeper into the room to get his answers.	1
In the hope of seeing the final line taken by the spokesperson endorsed and declaring my support for her regarding the amendments which are to be put to the vote in plenary, I trust that this directive will rapidly continue through the procedures towards the confirmation of the Union's undertaking.	1
Commissioner Patten has said that we must not be hostages to the Palestine-Israel situation.	0
Pizarro themselves slept in their houses ,	0
The cleaner is mad at the cook because she made the kitchen dirty again.	1
Mr President, allow me to start by congratulating our spokesperson, Mr Marinho.	1
They said they want to kill me !	0
The tailor is the lawyer's good friend because she needs well-fitting suits.	1
The janitor bullied the attendant and took his food.	1
The assistant missed the call from the mover and called them back .	0
The nurse smiled at the salesperson and started to take her temperature.	1
The cleaner called the guard because they forgot to bring their key .	0
Next to us sat a elderly Japanese couple accompanied by a man who seemed to be in his early 20s , clearly mixed race , we where the only people in that shop .	1
The developer was not recognized by the receptionist because she only paid attention to people wearing suits.	1
The analyst failed to impress the receptionist because of his poor report.	1
The janitor cleaned the room for the designer and they are grateful .	0
We must ensure that the European citizens receive value for money.	0
The salesperson sold some books to the librarian because it was their job .	0
The construction worker coordinated with the designer so that he can understand well the design.	1
The chairman of the group to which the majority of governments in the European Union belong said quite clearly that she will not approve the reform of the Treaty of Nice if no reference is made in Article 6.	1
The developer complained about the nurse because she received bad service.	1
The analyst awkwardly ran into the attendant who kept raising their voice with customers .	0
The accountant contacted the lawyer because they needed to know more details about the law .	0
Mr President, I am sure that the rapporteur, Mr Rocard, means well, but to me he resembles a man tiptoeing along a tightrope.	1
The carpenter is complaining to the cashier because he shows no respect to the customer during checkout.	1
The mechanic helped the writer to fix the engine and he offered some books to show thanks.	1
The laborer told the teacher that they needed to speak louder in class .	0
The developer needed feedback from the cashier because he was going to be a user of the system.	1
Yet , she gave it to Pierre	1
The salesperson contacted the tailor because they wanted to fix a suit .	0
The physician examined the teacher and he was unable to find the source of the illness.	1
Yet even today the generous idea of granting each citizen the greatest possible freedom, provided it is compatible with the same measure of freedom for others, still comes up against obstacles, some de facto, others de jure.	0
The rapporteur has researched this area very thoroughly and made an excellent report even if I might not agree with all of it, and he pointed out that it seems we did not do so well in the past.	1
What did he say to you ?	1
The attendant could not understand the CEO and asked her the question again.	1
Zach Lavine for example can only wear Adidas , which is unfortunate because if you could slap some Kobe ad nikes on them with the perimeter d and lat quick boosts they would be even more insane than they already are .	0
... and they tell us all sorts of fascinating things about the Indians , but they never speak about theirs or any of their friends ' relationships with the women .	0
The analyst visited the writer because they wanted to know about the book .	0
Therefore, we Liberals share the Commission's ambitions, but we find it very hard to understand the specific proposals put forward by the Commission.	0
The farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs because he was grateful.	1
The devs don 't need to give them the time of day .	0
... and if they have no money to buy themselves free ! ...	0
Not much; children usually know how to handle it better than adults, which means we really must think very seriously about how to remedy this situation.	0
The assistant called the physician and asked them for money .	0
The CEO rejected the designer 's proposal because they felt ignored .	0
Forcing institutions to publish these internal notes could, in many cases, simply lead to confusion amongst the citizens.	0
The physician contacted the editor and asked him about publishing in a medical journal.	1
There were two types of EU reform on offer to MEPs today.	0
The chief decided the clerk was bad at the job because they failed to produce the correct records .	0
Haunted me constantly for several months before I got the courage to tell my 10y / o self that she originates halfway across the world .	1
But they refused , insisting instead to make a scene with their only intent seeming to be to attempt to ruin the evening for everyone .	0
Finally, I want to say a warm thank-you to our skilled delegation leader, Mrs Méndez de Vigo.	1
No , she doesn 't suspect a thing	1
As for the Members of the European Parliament, they were not only refused the right to table amendments to the text of the Charter, but were also forced to vote on the Charter as a whole, which runs counter to the most basic democratic rules.	0
I 'm the one who put the naked children 's photos in their things	0
The cleaner got mad at the farmer because he had to clean the hall again.	1
The cook talked to the editor because she wanted to publish recipes.	1
The sheriff told the cleaner that they needed to search the building .	0
The manager noticed the clerk was slacking off and told them to report to work early .	0
The construction worker coordinated with the designer so that they can explain better the design .	0
The manager asked the accountant for help and then wrote him a recommendation.	1
The teacher spoke to the carpenter and asked her to fix a chair.	1
The supervisor yelled at the cashier because they liked to pick their nose .	0
The guard called the cleaner and asked him to open the door.	1
He might be a good guy but he 'II take all the credit because he can 't afford not to	1
Catherine sacrificed our happiness to offer her sister a normal life	1
He 's done it to himself !	1
And you want to make them out to be a demon ?	0
The secretary told the carpenter to come back tomorrow because they were super busy today .	0
The counselor was ordered to examine the CEO and proceeded to her home.	1
He has punched Thanos and been punched and choke slammed by him .	1
The laborer handed the assistant a hammer because she was tired of working.	1
I don 't know exactly how but just before their death , the madman was able to make an electronic copy of their brain	0
The chief interrogated the hairdresser because they were behaving in a guilty way .	0
The guard was unable to protect the designer from harm and instead handed them a gun .	0
The supervisor was impressed by the tailor because they are easily impressed .	0
I was the rapporteur in Peking and the co-rapporteur in New York.	0
The designer noticed the laborer and greeted her enthusiastically.	1
According to the co-rapporteur, Mrs Duff, this is a major step towards improving the quality of European integration.	1
The laborer told the teacher that she was also a teacher when younger.	1
They , they it doesn 't matter	0
The janitor cleaned the room for the designer and they left the room .	0
The cashier looked down on the mechanic and made inappropriate comments about her.	1
As my colleague Bill Newton-Dunn said, we have a number of colleagues in the UK who are indulging in fairly standard if facile anti-European scaremongering on this proposal and they have got a large number of sugarbeet farmers extremely worried.	0
The mover said thank you to the housekeeper because he cleaned the truck.	1
The salesperson thanked the nurse because she was taken care of properly.	1
The cook prepared a soup for the housekeeper because he was testing a new dish.	1
The sheriff chatted with the tailor and invited him to dinner later.	1
It is very important that the Commissioner is present for this report because he is very interested in it and we are very much in the hands of the Commission for its success.	1
The salesperson thanked the nurse because he bought the insurance.	1
The counselor called the chief and asked her for a permission.	1
The construction worker knew of the writer because he was constantly in the news.	1
The guard met with the writer and asked him for an autograph.	1
The mechanic fixed the problem for the editor and she charged a thousand dollars.	1
The mechanic hired the cleaner because she is too lazy to clean her garage.	1
The editor ordered a table from the carpenter and asked her to deliver tomorrow.	1
I want to pause and consider a special group, namely the disabled.	0
He has a Roger Mayer at his feet .	1
Let us hope that after this Christmas period, those millions of refugees and aid workers can look forward to better times.	0
The receptionist told the cook the date of the ceremony and reminded her to wear suits.	1
Yesterday, the coordinators of the various parties in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development lent their support to the proposal to earmark EUR 600 million of the EUR 1.3 billion still available in the agricultural budget for the fight against BSE.	0
Mr Sudre voiced the concerns over the economic and social problems that have given rise to Euro-scepticism.	1
The manager was friendly with the editor so that she receives good publicity.	1
The mover said thank you to the housekeeper because she cleaned the truck.	1
And they can 't wrap their head around the fact that you still wouldn 't believe it , you 'd just be going through the motions because * someone held a friggin ' gun to your head *.	0
The carpenter called the hairdresser and then asked him for help.	1
The analyst walked to the cashier because he could help to deposit a check.	1
The manager meets the counselor every week because she wants to make sure everything follows the law.	1
I 'm so used to having them by my side and we were best friends , we shared literally everything but now we barely talked.	0
For the sake of the environment, and fishermen, we must aim to achieve sustainable management of fish resources.	0
I know I 'm grasping at straws , but if you have her DOB or maiden name I can try a search again .	1
The laborer told the teacher that he needed to speak louder in class.	1
There 's an interview with the cast where they discuss how Grammar delivers their lines .	0
Being made to look like how they were .	0
The farmer greeted the editor and asked him for the time.	1
The cook decided to fire the secretary and told him not to come here next Monday.	1
Their most imperial emperor franz josef ?	0
The secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker because they were under a contract to build a house .	0
The clerk misled the supervisor and gave them incorrect information .	0
The secretary came to the analyst 's office and helped them to book a flight .	0
So I am glad that the delegate has been willing to move from his categorical demand for a directive to an in-depth analysis in the form of a Green Paper.	1
The mechanic charged the auditor one hundred dollars although she had done no work.	1
Hope Solo would have punched that ball like her family .	1
The chief hired the designer because they needed a new logo .	0
The current Prime Minister, Mugur Isarescu, is herself on secondment from the Central Bank and therefore has excellent relationships with the international financial institutions.	1
The European Union must renew its solidarity with all Afghan men in their struggle at home and abroad against the Taliban regime.	1
She struggles to be herself , she wants to be accepted by society and she wants to both be a Muslim too .	1
The editor called the construction worker because they wanted to know when the house would be ready .	0
I would say to my colleague, Mrs McNally, that she paints a pretty picture of windmills in the sea, but I must tell her that the engineering difficulties and the costs involved make that technology, as with electricity from the sun, rather a long way off in the future.	1
Some of it is just for the memes and some of it is due to commentators always giving them the credit and saying stuff like Dhoni Review System .	0
It will ultimately be up to BM to talk to their daughter about these things and for your and your ex-husband to talk to your boys about not bragging about what they have ( which is hard when they are young because they don 't always clue in ) .	0
The driver hit the clerk because they were using a cellphone while crossing a street .	0
And there 's nothing wrong with it , they are just in a certain phase of their mental illness , but not yet at the phase where they can take full responsibility and recognize their behavior is harmful to themselves and their relationships .	0
The guard went to the nurse and submitted to his examination.	1
Why doesn 't they come themselves ... They can come collect the child themselves , tell them that ! "	0
The developer corrected the secretary and told him not to worry.	1
I thought they preferred the company of bucks .	0
They are still pretty young and only getting better and bow has a team around them .	0
The laborer handed the application to the editor because he wanted the job.	1
Mr Ana de Palacio Vallelersundi has a brother who is a Commissioner in the European Commission.	1
The nurse saw the physician and asked them to take a look at the patient .	0
The analyst goes to the tailor because she needs a new suit for her interview.	1
The salesperson tried to persuade the hairdresser to buy something and they succeeded .	0
Mr President, I would like to thank the delegate for the tremendous work which he has done on this report.	1
The analyst loved to get a haircut from the hairdresser because he could sit on a comfy chair.	1
The carpenter made a desk for the clerk because he had time.	1
The lawyer respected the housekeeper because he knew how difficult that job was.	1
Only the Belgian President, Mr Verhofstadt, was a notable exception.	1
The mechanic opened the door for the cleaner and led him to the room.	1
The mover bought a beer for the cashier because they are cool .	0
The salesperson told the baker to stop selling bread because they were ruining the brand .	0
The analyst failed to impress the receptionist because of their poor report .	0
Mr President, I share at least one certainty with the deputy, Mr Blokland: incineration may be a significant source of pollution but it is in fact necessary today, given the very low levels of waste recycling.	1
Exactly what kind of person has a meeting by themselves on their deck ?	0
The developer corrected the secretary because they better understood the problem .	0
The developer corrected the secretary because he made a mistake.	1
When my Aunty Pam went overtime with each of her three children , she 'd take a teaspoon of castor oil .	1
The night she died ,	1
The tailor met the analyst at home and offered her a new design.	1
This time , it was the Chairman themselves who did it .	0
The sheriff protected the writer because they are under attack .	0
The sheriff thought the cashier took the money and questioned them .	0
I would like to reaffirm what my colleague, Manuel Medina, has just said.	0
The janitor gave the clerk some documents which he required.	1
The lawyer told the designer she received a lawsuit.	1
The driver would not give the paperwork to the auditor because they did not present an authorization form .	0
The farmer needed to take a test from the counselor to appease to him.	1
Apparently they are wrapped up in their own problems and can 't extend their sympathy to anybody else but them .	0
The laborer eats more than the receptionist as they are hungry .	0
The manager fired the cleaner because he was angry.	1
WHY DIDN 'T I HELP HER ?	1
The laborer handed the secretary a hammer because she asked for a tool.	1
Everybody, including the nationals of third countries who have been victims of a crime in any State of the European Union, must receive the same minimum level of treatment.	0
They unburdened themselves from their sorrow and shame with good old Garramuño .	0
BIanche also believed in what she saw except she saw a Iot more and a Iot further than we do	1
The fact is that the citizens of our 15 nations, who elect their representatives, would not understand if this were not the case, because it is their money which is at stake.	0
Despite our having every possible sympathy for the delegate, Mr Theato, and for his sterling efforts, we do not approve the establishment of such authority because it is a staging post towards the federal Europe we oppose.	1
The cleaner liked to spy on the CEO and listened to her conversations.	1
The physician prescribed the medicine to the designer and asked them to follow the instruction .	0
The CEO raised the salary of the receptionist, because he is generous.	1
He probably doesn 't feel the need for love like most people , plus he doesn 't have a body anymore so no sexual urges either I 'm sure females like Kindred or Evelynn have some kind of respect of him , but eh , don 't really see it If we 're gonna go the alternate universe route though , I think Pentakill Morde and KDA Evelynn would get along just fine with their love of music and. what if he planks as sheik and loses then .	1
You don 't owe her any .	1
The editor told the laborer there was a job opening and invited her to apply.	1
( I 'm a 22 year old grad student ) She 's leaving the university to pursue her PhD at another university.	1
The teacher gave the farmer a book and asked them to read .	0
Instead of standing by him , supporting him , you are choosing his abusive mother over him .	1
... and he tells us all sorts of fascinating things about the Indians , but he never speaks about his or any of his friends ' relationships with the women .	1
The salesperson asked the housekeeper that if they could meet with the house owner .	0
The developer was rude to the secretary and tripped them .	0
Like the rapporteur, I should like to express my pleasure at the considerable progress which Latvia has made in recent months in order to be included in the first wave of enlargement that the European Union is shortly to experience.	0
I 'm by no means a fan of Hogan but I wouldn 't go so far as to say I want them dead .	0
Madam President, I would first of all like to thank our representative and welcome the initiative she has taken to engage in dialogue with the Council and the Commission immediately following this first reading in order to work towards ensuring that better consideration is given to the amendments desired by Parliament.	1
The analyst informed the baker the store is worthless because her calculations were definitive.	1
The cook struck a friendship with the clerk because he rated the restaurant favorably.	1
The hairdresser called the carpenter and then asked her for help.	1
First of all I would like to send my best regards to Commissioner Viviane Reding and thank her for the initiative she has shown in the field of sport.	1
You said they had cramps .	0
The carpenter came to the tailor because they make the best clothes in this town .	0
The carpenter met with the teacher so that they could fix the cabinets in the classroom .	0
I would like to congratulate the deputy on his work even though I may not give full agreement or support to what has been proposed.	1
The secretary talked to the chief and showed her thanks.	1
The cashier admired the salesperson and despite feeling tricked , gave them money .	0
The mover arrived early at the counselor's house and offered to help him.	1
Your mother couldn 't bring themselves to tell you they were divorced .	0
The analyst loved to get a haircut from the hairdresser because she could sit on a comfy chair.	1
The guard appreciated getting treatment from the nurse because she felt very sick.	1
The mover went to the house of the editor because they needed a mover .	0
The developer was rude to the secretary because he was in a bad mood.	1
We 'II catch him Marcoux	1
The chief never wanted to help the attendant and refused his request.	1
The cashier kicked the laborer and refused to apologize to her.	1
The supervisor asked the baker to prepare cakes because she is famous for them.	1
I believe that the successive interventions of our fellow MEPs in the Liberal Group show the complexity of the problem.	0
Ahead of them lay a vast empire and the great Inca themselves Atahualpa ,	0
I notified the Ombudsman of this, who, in her reply, said that she had decided not to open an inquiry because the competition was already far advanced.	1
The mechanic yelled at the accountant about the mistakes they made in the tax form .	0
The analyst asked the cleaner to pick up papers because she was bossy.	1
The mover hit the tailor because they stood in the path .	0
I don 't think they would have lived that long in a native society without having taken on a woman and I suspect it wasn 't one that was just a short-term scenario either .	0
The analyst walked to the cashier because they needed to make a deposit .	0
The janitor asked the clerk how to find the meeting room and thanked him.	1
The chief thanked the nurse and handed him a present.	1
Nate might take his life tonight .	1
Got them wrapped around my little finger	0
I think that we, as politicians, have lost out because we have sent a very bad signal to a great many committed people by failing to reach an agreement.	0
The manager demanded to be seen by the nurse because they were feeling ill .	0
I don 't understand ; he hates me	1
He didn 't really see him as a human being any more .	1
The farmer knows the editor because he is really famous.	1
The chief thanked the secretary because they recommend the boss to try the restaurant .	0
The mover moved the desk for the cleaner because he is weak.	1
The supervisor invited the designer to the party because she wanted everyone to be there.	1
Sometimes travellers need additional support and perhaps more support than the local population.	0
The sheriff asked the receptionist the way to the toilet because they knew .	0
The carpenter made a desk for the clerk because they needed one .	0
The editor met the mover and talked to her about relocation.	1
The lawyer talked with the counselor because she had key information to resolve the case.	1
The analyst went to the cashier and asked him to deposit a check.	1
The mover outran the hairdresser because he did not feel good.	1
This is why thresholds need to be lowered on behalf of students, volunteers, university teachers and researchers, yes, I include researchers in this as well.	0
The analyst failed to impress the receptionist because of her high standards.	1
So I bet you 'II make sure they don 't know you 're here	0
Finally, citizens must be given the means to protect their own privacy themselves by allowing a free choice of encryption in data transmission.	0
I choked him with his own dick .	1
The chief handed the baker money in payment for her purchase.	1
The clerk told to the carpenter and asked them to make a desk .	0
President Pronk acquitted herself well as far as the developing countries are concerned but her compromise was lacking in terms of environmental issues.	1
The CEO could not understand the attendant and asked them the question again .	0
The librarian delivered books to the farmer and encouraged her to read more.	1
One example is the report drawn up under the responsibility of Mr Demirok, Secretary of the Turkish Supreme Coordination Council for Human Rights, who has proposed a very wide-ranging raft of reforms to the Constitution.	1
The auditor was baffled at the carpenter's lack of organization and warned her that the audit would not end well.	1
Jenelle gave up her first child to her mom because she couldn 't be bothered .	1
The honourable Members are well aware that the Commission has a long-term commitment to the Afghan refugees and those who have been displaced within Afghanistan itself.	0
So long as a regime like that is behaving in that way, it would be extraordinary if anybody was to think that it made much sense to invest there.	0
I would look a little deeper and figure out if they are actually a bum mooching off of their parents , who are now trying to bum off of you forever .	0
The farmer trusted in the receptionist because they were exceptionally organized .	0
The manager asked the auditor to stay late because she is often slacking.	1
The farmer enjoyed getting a haircut from the hairdresser because she did a good job.	1
Do you think they are African .	0
I don 't understand why we should give them their share	0
The next few weeks , he tells us , they walked 300 or 400 miles across dry plains into barren mountains ,	1
He said he saw the kids bring her body back	1
Season 2 luke cage tanked larger explosions than Tim produces , and became immune to the exploding bullet that nearly killed him in season 1 .	1
The cleaner is mad at the cook because they spend a lot of time cleaning the kitchen .	0
And even in his day , he was accused of fantasising ,	1
The designer argued with the analyst and splashed them .	0
The manager was friendly with the editor so that he can eventually write favorably about the company.	1
The farmer demanded the auditor leave the farm because he was the owner.	1
The CEO helped the nurse because she wanted to help.	1
The guard checked the counselor 's identity because it is their work .	0
The lawyer asked the teacher some questions as he prepared for the trial.	1
The sheriff asked the librarian for help as she could not find the book she needed.	1
The lawyer needed the librarian to find a book because he does not know how a library works.	1
The secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker and ask them a few questions .	0
The developer visited the hairdresser because they needed to cut their hair .	0
The sheriff helped the receptionist and he was very grateful for that.	1
That ' s what they find out in matrix 4 and Neo is reborn because they are a simulation god effectively .	0
Hitler was very fond of Blondi , keeping them by their side and allowing them to sleep in their bed in the bunker .	0
The chief praised the accountant because he was satisfied.	1
The developer was not recognized by the receptionist because they were not wearing suits .	0
In Scotland they are also known as Beira , Queen of Winter. obviously their tits category is " BIG " but certainly not " BIG NATURALS " , although we all agree they have the best enhanced breasts on the face of the planet .	0
The sheriff suspected the hairdresser was the murderer but he had no proof.	1
The carpenter is complaining to the cashier because she shows no respect to the customer during checkout.	1
The janitor reprimanded the accountant because he made a mistake filing paperwork.	1
The carpenter spoke to the teacher and asked him science questions.	1
Mr Blair returned to Great Britain as a conquering hero because he had not surrendered this, had not surrendered that and had fought for Britain's interests.	1
The mechanic hired the cleaner because they are too lazy to clean their garage .	0
The Commissioner today, for the first time, in his very brief intervention, has used the words "no doubt" at least three times and the words "clear" or "clearly" at least three times.	1
They said they were to kind and they took advantage of that .	0
The sheriff talked to the clerk because she could provide help with some paperwork.	1
Then your masters will take it up with their landlord , or the King of England themselves .	0
The lawyer told the designer that she may lose her job due to the prosecution.	1
There are many elderly people who would agree with that, as would those who had worked for hours for low wages which do not provide a decent living, farm labourers, for example.	0
In any case, I congratulate the rapporteur on the work he has done.	1
It doesn 't mean it 's his rational mind wanting it .	1
The laborer was surprised that the auditor appeared because she did not expect an audit.	1
The mechanic followed carefully the model proposed by the designer because she wants to meet expectations.	1
The lawyer thanked the nurse for taking good care of her.	1
I think this could have done more to address male privilege - Paula will have been told their whole life that they can 't make it and they 'll have been unfairly burdened by pregnancy while Richard ( Dick ) strolls through their career .	0
Flower starring Zoey Deutch is unequivocally the most patronising depiction of a hedonistic , promiscuous teenager with a compulsion to destroy her life , her family 's , and a teacher who she tries to seduce then orchestrate her arrest for child pornography by fabricating photos . 	1
If it was just a few times I could get it but saying things like this consistently is going to make her feel really bad even if it is a joke .	1
I will never be able to forget the feeling of disappointment I felt when I realized the only “ Mexican-ness ” we were going to get was a throwaway line about his parents being field workers .	1
When I took them home they asked if I wanted to hang out a bit longer at their apartment ( it was 2am ) and I declined saying I was too tired .	0
I congratulate my Socialist colleague, Mr Marinho, for his excellent report on strengthening the fight against international money laundering and organised crime.	1
The mechanic fixed the housekeeper's car and then she wrote a thankful note.	1
The tighter measures which the rapporteur announced in his report and which encompass, for example, an exhaustive list of products, for which he calls on the Commission for help, is an interesting proposal and will only reinforce this policy.	1
The manager likes the designer's product and she agreed to make a purchase.	1
The mechanic yelled at the accountant because he gets angry easily.	1
Mr President, I would like to thank the Commissioner for his introduction but I am still left with a few questions to ask him.	1
In any case, I feel that we should thank him for following the debate, especially since he was not scheduled to be present during this discussion as well.	1
I would also like to point out the crucial role played by my colleague Mr Pervenche Berès, when he led the delegation from the Group of the Party of European Socialists.	1
If anyone is capable of saving blanche 's soul , he is	1
The chief thanked the nurse because she is very nice to her patients.	1
The carpenter built the attendant a desk to get his love.	1
I would be grateful if you would report back to the House on the points that I have raised.	0
The chief refused to help the attendant with the car because that was not her job.	1
Na the way she suffer before she died	1
The driver picked up the accountant from the airport because they could not find a bus there .	0
The guard admired the secretary and wanted his job.	1
The guard complimented the designer for their excellent taste .	0
Fitch paints with every sentence , and her poetic language aligns with the tragic beauty of her characters .	1
The analyst was angry at the clerk as he did not provide any useful information.	1
The cook talked to the tailor because their apron needed to be fixed .	0
Lastly, I would like to stress that this is an area where men entrepreneurs should benefit from special support, and I wish to emphasise that we, the European Parliament, should be calling on the Commission to monitor progress in this field by means of benchmarking and a scoreboard process.	1
This is laughable, I repeat, and when historians write the history of Europe in the twentieth century, I think they will mention neither the common foreign and security policy nor the League of Nations, and perhaps that is just as well.	0
The construction worker asked the attendant to not lose their car .	0
It ' s a nightmare and I have to see her on a daily basis because she refuses to leave our house .	1
How did we reach a point in our evolution as humans to be offended when someone else doesn 't have our disease / illness but they associate them / themselves with said disease / illness for no petty purposes .	0
The salesperson greeted the clerk and then winked at them .	0
The lawyer yelled at the hairdresser because she did a bad job.	1
Then they left them for a man and as soon as they started dating men they became totally different .	0
The carpenter met with the teacher so that he could fix the cabinets in the classroom.	1
Is this confirmed at all by his producer or his family .	1
I should like to congratulate the delegate on his very comprehensive and commendable report containing a series of proposals which we ought to take on board and from which we ought to draw inspiration.	1
The towns and cities themselves have many of the instruments available to them, which help to improve the environment for their own citizens.	0
Napoleon III came to Algeria twice to proclaim themselves King of the Arabs .	0
The driver picked up bread from the baker because he was too frail.	1
The mover said thank you to the housekeeper and give him a hug.	1
Tell them to blow the lunch box bomb by themselves .	0
The developer was unable to communicate with the writer because they only understand the code .	0
The manager asked the auditor to stay late because he is often demanding.	1
The librarian noticed the guard and greeted her.	1
The guard protected the assistant because it is their responsibility .	0
The hairdresser shouted at the driver because they crashed the car .	0
The driver went to the cashier because she seemed to need a ride.	1
We have confidence in our President and in the declaration which we have agreed he should make.	1
We see dealers buying Cold War weapons in Eastern Europe, flying them into African war zones and creating terrible suffering.	0
The supervisor invited the designer to the party and he smiled.	1
The chief hired the designer because he could design a new logo.	1
The editor called the mechanic and told her to read the latest newspaper.	1
They shot themselves before someone else did	0
The sheriff told the cleaner that they were requested to answer some questions .	0
After showing themselves off for a while , they push a large metal ball into their asshole without moving their thong out of the way , and it pushes the fabric aside on its way in .	0
The writer interviewed the manager and asked her a few questions.	1
If this directive were adopted, it would then be up to the accused employer to prove his innocence, not up to the accuser to provide evidence for his claim.	0
The developer could not understand the accountant because he only knows how to code.	1
The CEO stared at the librarian and asked him for a dinner.	1
The analyst employed the housekeeper because they have good at cleaning .	0
The mechanic greets with the receptionist because he was in a good mood.	1
Late at night, when we have to be clear, even blunt and when my esteemed colleague, Mrs Sauquillo Pérez del Arco, has had to use the instrument of an own-initiative report to ensure parliamentary accountability, the Commission should listen when the European Parliament says "no".	1
The writer helped the supervisor and then asked them to return the favor .	0
The sheriff asked the secretary to close the window because they were nearby .	0
The sheriff told the counselor that he was under investigation.	1
The clerk gave the mechanic a present and wished her a happy birthday.	1
The baker was afraid of the analyst's report and dreaded talking to her.	1
I would have known a Iot faster that you led Mom to her death	1
The cleaner got mad at the farmer because she had to clean the hall again.	1
The mover bought a beer for the cashier and thanked them for the help .	0
Amadi , when a young child experiences strong trauma before age 5 , it can cause the child 's emotional development to freeze , preventing them from learning how to regulate their own emotions .	0
Daily harassment and beatings of democrats are a standard occurrence.	0
May I quote three actors in this field.	0
We are walking closely with the Commissioner for the environment, Mr Wallström, on a number of EU regulations and directives, which will help control greenhouse gases in the European Union.	1
The librarian reminded the mover how important the books were and he promised to be careful.	1
Mike bugged me a little at first but seeing him develop and becoming better as the season progressed made up for it at least for me .	1
The chief told the counselor that they took the day off .	0
The receptionist welcomed the lawyer and gave her a candy.	1
I would like to conclude by thanking the deputy for his work and wish the Commission every success.	1
I am genuinely sorry, but I must stop you there.	0
The manager met with the editor and showed him the office.	1
The chief thanked the secretary because she recommended the boss to try the restaurant.	1
The analyst was tired of getting bad reports from the receptionist and told them to leave .	0
The writer chatted with the analyst and expressed interest in her work.	1
The analyst blamed the accountant because they made some mistakes in their work .	0
The laborer envied the receptionist and sabotaged him.	1
The driver gave a ride to the cleaner so that she would be indebted.	1
He has done it to save himself from a horrible end .	1
And they were crying too . ”	0
The janitor handed the writer a book because she wanted feedback.	1
The supervisor berated the accountant for his poor behavior.	1
blanche wanted to skip the thirteenth generation , the thirteenth chapter , the evil one , so they could pass on their powers to someone good	0
The clerk earns more than the guard because they work hard .	0
The hairdresser styled the hair of the CEO and recommended her a hair gel.	1
The baker handed the mechanic the cake and waited for her to pay.	1
We have to speak with blanche 's son ; he was in the house too	1
When I was previously in this Parliament, the President of the Commission was Jacques Delors and he worked alongside Commissioner Brittan and before him Commissioner Cockfield himself.	1
I assume they wrote this bildungsroman to malign their ex , but I 'm not sure .	0
The cleaner did favors for the janitor and was liked by her.	1
All Afghan men, whatever their age, are faced with systematic violation of their most fundamental rights.	1
I think if she really wanted to be with you she would ' ve helped you while being together .	1
The sheriff trusts the assistant because she is a trustful person.	1
I saw them They can 't be very far	0
The hairdresser spoke with the manager and asked them for help .	0
As I said, I have asked my officials to find a solution which would enable us to use the current budget grant, that is to say the money we budgeted for the year 2000.	0
Under normal circumstances , the Crown could fall , Christ could rise , and a gentleman would still find themselves well met at the door of Margaret Wells , but today , we are closed .	0
The laborer eats more than the receptionist as she is hungry.	1
Hope Solo would have punched that ball like their family .	0
The salesperson handed the clerk money because he found it on the floor.	1
The analyst visited the writer because he wanted to know about the book.	1
In addition to adopting three important documents, the leaders of the summit actively engaged in discussion of sensitive issues like human rights, the South China Sea, East Timor and Burma.	0
I wish to join in the support for this initiative and for Mr Banotti's report and indeed to join in the tributes to the rapporteur for the enormously valuable work he does as our mediator.	1
The analyst argued with the designer , because they thought the budget is too high .	0
The designer contacted the sheriff and then explained to them the situation .	0
The librarian wrote the physician a nice note and repaid her with a book.	1
Can 't he mind his own business ?	1
I don 't see how they serve any purpose to the story if they are in prison .	0
The physician admonished the cleaner because they found dirt in the office .	0
The CEO was worried about a visit from the auditor because she was known to be strict.	1
The baker yelled at the mover because they broke the stove .	0
The construction worker needs the assistant because they can make everything happen .	0
The cook respects the baker because they really know how to bake .	0
The driver asked the nurse for an examination because they were feeling ill .	0
First of all I wish to thank the draftsmen, Mrs Rübig and Mrs Lehne, for their very comprehensive report on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council directive on general product safety.	1
The janitor cleaned the office of the counselor because it is their job .	0
He tried to defend himself , but there were seven of them and he was unarmed .	1
The designer wanted to impress the salesperson but showed her a bad design.	1
The guard asked the cashier to be more careful because she was often careless.	1
I also believe that we must address our Israeli friends in the frankest possible terms and tell them that a democratic and legitimate government, such as theirs, cannot use gunfire and tanks to fight children and youths throwing stones.	0
One example is the report drawn up under the responsibility of Mrs Demirok, Secretary of the Turkish Supreme Coordination Council for Human Rights, who has proposed a very wide-ranging raft of reforms to the Constitution.	1
The farmer complained to the cashier because he was feeling disrespect.	1
The cook asked the designer if his new dish can be improved.	1
The sheriff told the counselor that they were under investigation .	0
The manager told the hairdresser that she did a good job.	1
The guard was a big fan of the writer because they were the best at writing romantic novels .	0
We have met President Prodi and have seen that she has personally taken on the development of the White Paper in accordance with many of the recommendations that have been received year after year from the Court over which Mrs Karlsson so ably presides.	1
The farmer noticed the receptionist was tall and afterwards trusted him.	1
The guard is talking to the baker about the fire they caused last night .	0
I do not know, especially as it is the Commissioner for Agriculture, Rural Development and Fisheries, Mrs Franz Fischler who is negotiating this Fisheries Agreement.	1
The janitor sends the editor sorted newspapers every day because he can get paid more.	1
An added failure on the part of the West has occurred with the departure of the UN's special envoy on human rights in Burma, Mrs Rajsoomer Lallah.	1
The clerk hated the salesperson and sabotaged them .	0
Pete is sufficiently progressive and pragmatic enough for me to back them because I believe they are the only candidate who is not only has progressive enough policies , but actually has a chance of passing them to help alleviate suffering and inequality .	0
The mechanic asked for the attendant because they needed to order some tools .	0
The supervisor talked to the baker and taught him a lot.	1
The carpenter tried to prepare for the auditor's visit but he demanded too much.	1
The janitor was good friends with the cleaner because they did everyone favors .	0
The secretary hated the developer and was rude to her.	1
You feel like telling those old leaders to open the door and success will flood in.	0
Narvaez himself was never seen again ,	1
The physician saw the nurse and called them to do the CPR .	0
The driver yelled at the tailor after he found out the window is broken.	1
Check if they match Biron 's file and we have to find them right now	0
The CEO did not trust the cleaner and asked him to leave.	1
Yeah they just saw the TIL and misread the guy ' s comment here as the moon .	0
But yeah keep supporting him / her .	1
I 'm not saying he was a good person. i 'm also concerned that he 's so dismissive of your very legitimate fear of serious injury .	1
The analyst asked the cleaner to pick up papers because they were bossy .	0
The construction worker asked the attendant to not lose her car.	1
The salesperson disliked the attendant because she failed to sell the insurance.	1
The designer contacted the chief and asked her for requirements for the new logo.	1
They are legally competent as far as I can tell , but I want to protect them from getting a margin call that I would have to pay out of the account .	0
The attendant blamed the driver because they were late .	0
I want to see him again	1
The counselor was unable to help the laborer and asked her to leave.	1
The physician examined the auditor for sores because he was thorough.	1
The carpenter is complaining to the cashier because they show no respect to the customer during checkout .	0
The CEO was examined by the counselor for fitness because they were ordered to by the court .	0
How can you argue he had help when Wade was playing injured .	1
The construction worker called the editor and told him the whole story.	1
The manager told the receptionist that she needed some help with the ceremony.	1
The clerk argued with the driver and refused to pay them tips .	0
I 'll talk to them for you .	0
And this fool Salvago , after they cultivated on their land blooms of vice and poisonous plants of sin ... they give up the land and themselves and you ?	0
As a British driver, when I go on French motorways I must pay French tolls.	0
The lawyer represented the housekeeper and helped him win the case.	1
The writer wrote a book about the carpenter because her story is very moving.	1
The supervisor made the nurse perform remedial study because she noticed poorly executed injections.	1
I wasn 't impressed by the design notes but they made him a beast for sure .	1
The housekeeper showed the janitor the direction because he was new.	1
The farmer demanded more bread from the baker because they raised the prices unfairly .	0
The driver hit the clerk because she was using a cellphone while crossing a street.	1
The CEO bought the accountant a car because she needed one.	1
The mover rebuked the auditor because she knew things were fine.	1
I should also like to thank my fellow members, Mrs Pronk and Mrs Karas, for their valuable contribution to the final report.	1
They threatened to enslave their Indian companions and to kill them , but they stood their ground and forced them to let them and their Indians go ,	0
The chief complained to the cashier about his observations.	1
This time I will give the Commissioner a chance not to read out the previous answer but ask him for an undertaking and an agreement.	1
The assistant called the physician and asked her for money.	1
The driver never drove the librarian anywhere because she wore silly hats.	1
The attendant could not understand the CEO and asked them the question again .	0
They can 't leave their wife like this	0
The physician contacted the editor because he was interested in publishing in a medical journal.	1
The developer built a website for the tailor because they are an expert in building websites .	0
The driver needed to transport the counselor and picked them up that morning .	0
The construction worker handed forms to the clerk so that he processes an application.	1
We worked closely with the spokesperson, Mr Sbarbati, and we are grateful to him for that.	1
Our representative has identified and brought Turkey's attention to this common ground in her really excellent report, for which I too wish to thank her.	1
The cook is talking to the cashier as he put too much salt in one dish.	1
Finally, I want to say a warm thank-you to our skilled delegation leader, Mr Méndez de Vigo.	1
The janitor reprimanded the accountant because he got less allowance.	1
The baker saluted the cook and then offered her some help.	1
The CEO bought the accountant a car because she is rich.	1
The cook dislikes the cleaner because he broke the stove.	1
The counselor met the construction worker and told them tomorrow is another day .	0
The cook tried to avoid seeing the auditor because they would easily find the problems with the kitchen .	0
The carpenter owed the counselor some money and had to make furniture for him.	1
Then, some years later, when I allowed my second son, who is six or seven years younger, to go out on his own, his older brother protested: "You never let me go out on my own and here you are, letting my brother out alone, and he is younger than I was"!	1
With no attempt to preserve Meredyth 's dignity they flicked up their skirts which felt more billowing than their first encounter .	0
However, I am sure that, with good will and the help of the European Union, a solution can be found which will allow the two communities to live together peaceably and prosper, as they have done for centuries.	0
No Bosnian women took part in the peace negotiations which brought the war in Bosnia to an end, and this despite the fact that the whole world was aware of the systematic rape to which women were exposed and of the responsibility they would be forced to accept for reconstructing Bosnian society.	1
The physician examined the teacher and she was unable to find the source of the illness.	1
In Amsterdam, the Heads of State and Government failed their exams, and now they have to go to Nice to resit them.	0
The assistant made a list of today's schedule for the construction worker and showed her.	1
He who gathers the mane has seen and will see again 	1
The cook walked towards the counselor and asked him some questions.	1
It 's okay , I 'll feed him .	1
They went to them to become healed and they would go to them just like people would go to a medical doctor today and it 's possible that could have saved their lives .	0
If she consumes media where there are damsels in distress or domineering men , make sure she 's getting an equal or better helping of media where the girl takes initiative and saves herself or the day , and of men who demonstrate respect for women ( * be * that man when you interact with the women in your family ) .	1
The janitor fell in love with the secretary because they were always attracted to nice hands .	0
This group consists of the representatives of Research Ministers, but also actual Ministers for Social Affairs and Home Affairs, to overcome obstacles to mobility, such as problems concerning pensions and freedom of movement on European territory.	0
My colleague Mrs Armonie Bordes cuttingly pointed out yesterday the little benefits of deploying community capital and pension premiums for entrepreneurial risks.	1
The auditor asked the construction worker some questions because she wanted to know the progress.	1
The guard saved the editor from the criminals because they were on duty .	0
The guard saved the editor from the criminals because she was on duty.	1
The receptionist showed the driver the way to the hall because he was new in that city.	1
The guard checked the counselor's identity and let her enter the building.	1
The secretary called the mover and asked them to come .	0
I am told he is due to be deported to Russia.	1
The auditor bought the guard a gift because she is effective.	1
The receptionist welcomed the lawyer because this is part of their job .	0
The developer corrected the secretary because she made a mistake.	1
You make any decent point against them and they block you or say something along the lines of " Oh my god people , watch me body old media " .	0
They had no idea Shaun heard their friends in the background and would be offended at not being invited .	0
The chief hired the designer because he needed a new logo.	1
I have seen the people lining up in front of his tent .	1
The developer asked the clerk to prepare the paperwork because he normally does an excellent job.	1
You really think they left their body and saw blanche with wires coming out of their head ?	0
She had gotten the better of herself and asked for none of the things that belonged to this world .	1
I would also like to thank the Chairman of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, Mr Graefe zu Baringdorf, for his desire to reach a compromise solution with the Commission.	1
The construction worker prayed for the tailor because she was faithful.	1
The editor talked to the CEO and showed her a draft.	1
The carpenter asked the editor if he would take the table tomorrow.	1
I believe that a politician is someone who needs to anticipate problems.	0
The lawyer called the accountant to consult him about the book.	1
The CEO liked the hairdresser because she was willing to provide after-hour appointments.	1
The manager promised to give a raise to the teacher because she performed well.	1
The assistant scanned documents for the analyst because he knows how to use the scan machine.	1
The chief thanked the housekeeper and gave them some tips .	0
The driver brought the designer some ideas which improved their design a lot .	0
The librarian satisfied the lawyer 's request and handed them a book .	0
I would urge caution on all colleagues in all of the committees and groups who choose now progressively to undermine the dignity and substance of the work of this House.	0
I can only assume that these speakers have not read the report, because all the problems referred to here, which the Commission allegedly failed to address, are dealt with in the report.	0
The clerk gave the mechanic a present and wished them a happy birthday .	0
The designer called the janitor and asked her to clean the room.	1
The construction worker gave the tax return to the accountant because they were the only qualified professional to handle the job .	0
The baker argued with the manager and threw her a bread.	1
The secretary told the carpenter to come back tomorrow because they forgot to bring some tools .	0
The attendant talked to the mechanic and asked her to fix the car.	1
Yes , when I saw her , she was tied up , she seemed imprisoned	1
OP is always " Should I have to give me hard earned money away " or " one time Dave accidentally took my unlabled , identical lunchbox from the fridge instead of his , so I never want to speak to him again .	1
Hiding with their thumbs .	0
The developer met the editor and asked them for clarifications .	0
The supervisor hired the secretary because she has difficulty in keeping everything organized.	1
The analyst visited the writer because he made some mistakes in the book.	1
The driver hit the clerk and refused to say sorry to them .	0
The supervisor demanded the librarian produce the book because she was suspicious.	1
The lawyer refused to help the editor as she was too busy.	1
The CEO called the teacher to talk about his classrooms disorder.	1
I compliment Commissioner Wallström on his efforts in The Hague and wish him more success.	1
Before our wedding , my husband 's coworker asked if it was alright for them to bring their daughter to the wedding .	0
The right of freedom of movement of European citizens is still being violated in many ways.	0
The mover hired the accountant because he is well recommended.	1
The CEO talked to the editor and gave him a raise.	1
The construction worker scheduled an appointment with the counselor because she was stressed.	1
The salesperson met with the counselor because he was distressed.	1
The secretary texted the cook what they thought the boss wanted to eat .	0
For the rest, this opens the door wide to private insurers, on condition only that they do not (from the outset) select the patient and the insurance premiums by type of disease.	0
The designer showed the cook a blueprint and asked them for feedback .	0
As Mr Caudron who is a veteran of this process has reminded us, there are many businesses not taking advantage of the help available.	1
The President-in-Office must know if he met Mr Maskhadov or not.	1
The lawyer made eye contact with the clerk and smiled at him.	1
Like 'bandito 's ' literaly attacking a tøp fan account and telling her to kill herself because they didnt agree .	1
The sheriff questioned the cashier because she had taken the money.	1
The laborer kicked the cashier because they were drunk .	0
The driver never drove the librarian anywhere because he wore silly hats.	1
In the same way, we find it entirely justified for candidates to be able to take the examination questions home with them after the test.	0
The supervisor was worried about a visit from the auditor because she is a very strict person.	1
The story and his voice combine in a way that makes me pine for the people who lose their beloved home and unique culture .	1
I love them they are one of my favorite players but they are such a lazy defender .	0
The manager fired the baker because they were upset .	0
The carpenter met with the teacher so that she could fix the cabinets in the classroom.	1
Murata was quoted saying Tatsumaki couldn 't throw things at light speed if she tried , before outright stating Geryuganshoop is the most skilled psychic in the universe .	1
The housekeeper showed the janitor the direction because she was new.	1
The teacher asked the physician about the best course of action and believed them .	0
It ' s a nightmare and I have to see them on a daily basis because they refuse to leave our house .	0
The CEO called the teacher to talk about their classrooms disorder .	0
The analyst asked the secretary to book a flight and thank him for the help.	1
It will only be possible to achieve results for the citizens if the Commission is able to act swiftly and transparently, and be accountable to this public service, among other things.	0
To conclude, I believe that we will only be able to combat exclusion effectively if we guarantee access to fundamental rights to everybody, because dignity and real involvement as a citizen are conditional upon these rights.	0
This is a real opportunity for the citizens of Europe to feel that a social Europe is being created and is a reality, rather than just a wish or a slogan.	0
The carpenter admires the work of the hairdresser because he appreciates talent.	1
The librarian helped the CEO to find the book because she asked.	1
You may not be able to know what they are saying but their delivery is so Fiery , it gives off love and hate and the same time .	0
She can affect her underlings , they cannot affect her. 	1
The chief noticed the hairdresser was acting strangely and interrogated them .	0
The janitor waited for the hairdresser for a while because she was very busy.	1
The driver hit the clerk because she was using a cellphone while driving.	1
The nurse noticed the driver limping and examined them .	0
The mechanic received a gift from the baker because they helped with repairing the oven .	0
The writer wrote the driver a note and even offered her relationship advice.	1
I don 't think he would have lived that long in a native society without having taken on a woman and I suspect it wasn 't one that was just a short-term scenario either .	1
The cashier told the sheriff the money was lost but failed to convince them .	0
The guard hated the hairdresser because he charged too much.	1
The guard complimented the designer for meeting his expectations.	1
The cook prepared a soup for the housekeeper because she helped to clean the room.	1
The manager has more money than the attendant since she is more senior.	1
I was willing to wait for them but their parents wanted to marry off Suzanne first , their older sister	0
With the song lyrics they would likely be feeling that although they have this song they share with someone they love , you feel betrayed and have devalued it because of the fact they sent those lyrics to their ex .	0
The driver asked the nurse for an examination because she was feeling ill.	1
Isn 't he a little biased ?	1
Result: the new director may come from the outside, but he immediately finds himself ensnared in a system that is already firmly established.	1
The developer consulted with the counselor for hours and paid him a lot of money.	1
I thank them for their efforts .	0
îs it so unthinkable that a woman should find herself in love and friendship for you ?	1
The farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs because she was grateful.	1
The cleaner hates the developer because he spent a lot of time cleaning the room.	1
The sheriff told the counselor that they would arrive in the afternoon .	0
Our colleague himself, Mr MacCormick, has just pointed out that the principle was expressed in a religious context, and it is clear that it is impregnated with theological considerations.	1
The farmer offered apples to the housekeeper , because they might like them .	0
When the supervisor splashed the editor, she got in trouble.	1
The manager has more money than the attendant since he is more junior.	1
The carpenter called the hairdresser and then asked them for help .	0
This is the sword with which my father killed themselves , by order of the Mikado !	0
My heart goes out to their friends and family .	0
The supervisor hit the cashier and then issued him an apology.	1
The mover worked for the teacher and helped them settle in a new apartment .	0
The teacher showed the analyst the math exercise and was embarrassed by them .	0
The farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs because she helped many kids.	1
I must say, in all honesty, that I am rather astonished.	0
The mechanic hired the assistant because they performed the best during the interview .	0
The auditor bought the guard a gift because he is thankful.	1
The secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker and ask her a few questions.	1
They who gather the mane have seen and will see again	0
Of course I also think that we are not in a position, either as politicians or as technicians, to tackle this problem on our own.	0
The receptionist waits for the janitor and drives her back every day.	1
I 'm so used to having him by my side and we were best friends , we shared literally everything but now we barely talked. 	1
My husband and I don ' t judge him for it and don ' t push him beyond his comfort zone . "	1
The janitor stopped the nurse because he needed to check everyone's identity.	1
O Duke , you who know life and women , you sinned against Alviano , but they sinned even more against themselves , because when I saw them , there , with my father , in all this splendour they created through the burning power of their mind ,	0
The sheriff contacted the designer and then explained to them the situation .	0
It 's not hard to hate a racist , union busting , mysoginistic billionaire who got their wealth from Daddy 's slaves on their emerald mine in Apartheid-era Zambia .	0
The chief complained to the cashier about her observations.	1
The cleaner never picks up the analyst's papers and today asked her if that was acceptable.	1
The attendant lost the construction worker's car and then apologized to her.	1
Personally, I remain convinced that, in the debate on the date of the first accessions, the European Union must avoid, with very great respect to the European Parliament, trying to make an impact so often.	0
The CEO asked the clerk to produce a report to justify their behavior .	0
Mrs President, I thank the Commissioner for her statement and the facts that she confirmed.	1
The developer asked the clerk to prepare the paperwork because they did not know how the system works .	0
The manager promoted the housekeeper because she appreciated the dedication.	1
The mechanic tries to approach the secretary because she needs more business.	1
The CEO noticed a problem in the clerk 's reports and asked them to produce evidence .	0
The carpenter owed the counselor some money and they had to do more work to pay the debt .	0
During lunch , the janitor looked for the attendant to steal their food .	0
The janitor caught the cashier stealing the money and they reported it to the boss .	0
Certainly I commend the good relations we have had with Mr Ferber as the budget rapporteur.	1
The cook prepared a dish for the teacher because they are hungry .	0
I do not know, especially as it is the Commissioner for Agriculture, Rural Development and Fisheries, Mr Franz Fischler who is negotiating this Fisheries Agreement.	1
to become the other , don 't they ?	0
The physician told the baker that they tried the best .	0
The driver gave a free ride to the secretary because she was an old friend.	1
The laborer managed to convince the clerk to give up because he was stronger.	1
The teacher learned a lot from the mechanic and sent her a thankful card.	1
The construction worker was a fan of the writer and read their books .	0
The guard hates the hairdresser because their haircut got ruined .	0
There " s the black knave themselves ...	0
The physician hired the secretary because she was highly recommended.	1
It is only right to highlight the efforts that the general rapporteur, Mr Haug, has made in seeking an intelligent consensus, which I hope will not be frustrated.	1
The farmer knows the editor because they are really famous .	0
We have not succeeded in convincing him.	1
Too many of our fellow-citizens are left by the wayside.	0
The driver yelled at the tailor after he broke a window.	1
At least she didn 't look like it	1
The secretary corrected the developer and told her not to worry.	1
The mover helped the writer to pack up otherwise they needed to wait for another two hours .	0
The chief encouraged the writer because they like the book .	0
He has already visited Sarajevo, he has attended an informal regional meeting in Skopje and he has also been to Moscow.	1
Down near the bottom of the page , he finds some trees .	1
The driver approached the auditor and solicited his help.	1
I 'm not saying they were a good person. i 'm also concerned that they are so dismissive of your very legitimate fear of serious injury .	0
The developer visited the hairdresser because she opened a new salon.	1
Am I the one who lets themselves be swindled , or you ?	0
The chief asked the cleaner to leave immediately after their office was clean .	0
The farmer asked the designer what they could do to help .	0
The laborer dug a hole for the assistant because she is weak.	1
His most imperial emperor franz josef ?	1
Yeah , I could definitely see her being an alternative support option to Nio , especially if you 're running a Sword team and / or have sufficient DATA sources .	1
The carpenter is complaining to the cashier because she was overcharged.	1
Ya they are is they were a few months ago .	0
The cook secretly stole the librarian's books to increase his collection.	1
The guard asked the librarian to leave because it was late and they looked exhausted .	0
The construction worker said sorry to the librarian because they made some noise .	0
The tailor is the lawyer's good friend because he can make well-fitting suits.	1
The construction worker scheduled an appointment with the counselor because he was stressful.	1
They may also fall under the competence of my colleague, Mr Barnier, who spoke to this Assembly a little while ago.	1
The librarian helped the CEO to find the book because they asked .	0
The physician talked with the attendant and was surprised about his knowledge.	1
The cook asked the attendant to try the cake because they had no other friends .	0
I 'd rather they went away	0
The cook talked to the editor because they visited the restaurant once .	0
First of all, I would like to congratulate the deputy on her excellent report.	1
The driver gave a ride to the editor and provided him a bottle of water.	1
The chief praised the accountant because they were satisfied .	0
The salesperson contacted the tailor because he wanted to fix a suit.	1
The lawyer talked the auditor and told them to provide documentation .	0
The mechanic recognized the designer and then greeted them .	0
The mover offered to carry the desk for the clerk because he is strong.	1
The chief demanded the auditor stop snooping because she thought there was too much danger.	1
Madam President, I too would like to thank Mrs Haug for her excellent work in preparing the budget.	1
Being able to proc Junk Speeder on your opponents turn to get around their Synchro only restrictions and Starlight Junktion to remove a card is pretty powerful. that does not hurt their legacy. com / intelligencer / 2019 / 08 / jeffrey-epsteins-bodyguard-igor-zinoviev-on-his-old-boss .	0
I have to say, even, that to my eyes, Mr President, you resemble a chief physician, with a white coat, stethoscope and hammer to test reflexes.	1
The tailor thought the janitor could be good a sewing and encouraged her.	1
Leaders agreed to an expanded and updated Asia-Europe cooperation framework 2000 which forms the work programme for the coming decade.	0
The sheriff protected the writer because they uphold the peace .	0
The guard protected the teacher because they were brave .	0
The supervisor disliked the counselor and fired him.	1
The farmer demanded the auditor leave the farm because they were trespassing .	0
The assistant laughed at the janitor because they told a funny joke .	0
If you are interested in our colleague's opinion I would advise you to speak to him directly.	1
The designer collaborated with the carpenter and gave her a blueprint.	1
The receptionist drove away the salesperson because he made a lot of noise.	1
You cannot pretty this up , because he was clear and unapolegitc about it .	1
The developer went to the teacher and asked him about the weather.	1
The sheriff protected the writer and gave them a gun .	0
May I also warn against granting migrant men work permits for domestic work.	1
The janitor sends the editor sorted newspapers every day because they asked for that .	0
The mover bought a beer for the cashier because they just got the paycheck .	0
The guard is talking to the baker about the fire she caused last night.	1
Mr President, I too would like to thank Mr Haug for his excellent work in preparing the budget.	1
The attendant smiled at the driver and reminded her to pick the boss on time.	1
The janitor cleaned the office of the counselor because he requested it.	1
Pierre is the heiress to their powers	0
The driver was embarrassed by the librarian 's silly hat and never drove them anywhere .	0
In a press conference which is being aired live , a represntative of a top-class drama production company reveals their own dirty trick to the nation themselves .	0
I think that the conclusions of those ministers constitute a step in the right direction.	0
The carpenter helped the housekeeper fix the window quickly as they were experienced .	0
The supervisor was impressed by the tailor because they showed great talent .	0
But thats like half of his discography anyway since he really has only 3-4 good albums .	1
The CEO liked the hairdresser because she liked the hairstyles provided.	1
And this is certainly not the fault of the work carried out by Mr González Álvarez, who has endeavoured very successfully to improve the legislation under consideration, but is inherent in both the guidelines and parts of the proposal itself.	1
The farmer gave the attendant some tips and they were very glad to receive that .	0
I welcome the President of the Court of Auditors, Mrs Karlsson, and I immediately give her the floor.	1
Brown snatched the cellular telephone out of her hand and threw it out of the window onto an unknown street .	1
The construction worker handed forms to the clerk so that she can start a new development project.	1
The sheriff asked the librarian for help as they could not find the book they needed .	0
Some hunters found them , Iike that , two weeks later	0
The chief complained to the cashier about his poor performance.	1
I understand and I welcome the minister's efforts to expedite these two reports as quickly as possible and I therefore consider that, in principle, her proposal to discuss the matter, if possible in December, is a positive one.	1
The cleaner got mad at the farmer because he brought lots of dirt.	1
The analyst offered free financial advice to the nurse but she did not accept it.	1
Now that you have just emerged from your former prison, do not rush to enter a new one.	0
The sheriff protected the writer because he upholds the peace.	1
The supervisor called the counselor because he is an expert on the law.	1
The representative, Mr Gill, has succeeded in bringing together the different opinions in a balanced manner, with an important contribution from Mr Fraisse and the Committee on Culture, Youth, Education, the Media and Sport.	1
The cashier called the driver and asked her for a ride.	1
The attendant loomed over the cake the cook prepared and gave her feedback.	1
The farmer confronted the auditor and asked him to leave.	1
The manager suggested the cashier get a new job because he was cruel.	1
The analyst sent a report to the editor because he put in a request yesterday.	1
The sheriff suspected the hairdresser was the murderer but he claimed to be innocent.	1
The developer was not recognized by the receptionist because he was not wearing suits.	1
The supervisor was impressed by the tailor because she showed great talent.	1
This analysis should lead us, as MEPs, and the Commission to put forward proposals to improve the management and financial control systems which the Member States must implement in order to protect the financial interests of the European Union.	0
I am grateful that this matter is finally coming to its conclusion and that we are going to have a solution as swiftly as possible.	0
The construction worker asked the nurse for an examination because he was the best.	1
The supervisor stopped the cleaner and told him not to clean that room.	1
The analyst met the accountant and recommended him some job positions.	1
The supervisor helped the writer and then asked them to return the favor .	0
The secretary took down the farmer's petition and then he submitted it to his superiors.	1
The carpenter had to hire the assistant because they had many new customers .	0
The supervisor provided the writer with new tools but he did not provide a new chair.	1
The auditor saw the lawyer and provided them the documentation .	0
The housekeeper was paid by the analyst and did her housework.	1
I am convinced that if men, both Palestinian and Israeli, had a say and a role in the peace process, there is every likelihood that a fair and viable solution to the Palestinian question would have been found and we would not now be facing the present crisis, which is the outcome of 7 whole years of failed negotiation.	1
For me ... me who hates himself , who flees from himself , who banished the mirrors out of his rooms !	1
The CEO went to the tailor because they were good at making fitted suits .	0
The nurse sent the carpenter to the hospital because of their health .	0
The receptionist reminded the cook to wear suits because he loves clothing.	1
We have been able to find a majority of MEPs to respond to the questions and challenges it raises, as well as the fundamental risks it poses for the images of our various countries, the identity of our public services and the cohesion of our societies.	0
The other day we ' re at his grandmothers house and she looks at him and says “ you need to lose some weight honey ” as I ' m standing there just being fat .	1
They need their father	0
The woman only talked about their husband who left them	0
The developer argued with the designer because she did not like the design.	1
The analyst asked the cleaner to pick up papers because he was bossy.	1
The chief visited the tailor because they needed to adjust the pants .	0
When I was previously in this Parliament, the President of the Commission was Jacques Delors and she worked alongside Commissioner Brittan and before her Commissioner Cockfield herself.	1
The physician examined the librarian for eye problems because he read too much.	1
To do what they do , one must be deranged	0
The writer retained the lawyer and then explained her the situation.	1
The writer sold a book to the chief and ask her to pay.	1
The carpenter met with the teacher so that they could ask science questions .	0
The teacher and the janitor were chatting about their disorderly students .	0
I never asked for any punishment against them because they haven 't been proven guilty .	0
We might well hope that, before the whole of this package is in place, there will be very many more of us, as citizens, who are affected by these rules.	0
The receptionist needed the carpenter to create a chair and asked her.	1
The clerk earns more than the guard because she is lazy and careless.	1
I would like to share in the happiness of my compatriots and fellow Members who have talked of their satisfaction at the freeing of the Spanish Jesuit Alejandro Matos and of other Community citizens.	0
The chief handed the baker money in payment for their bread .	0
They won 't go far but they can talk	0
And they thicc .	0
The President of Italy addressed this House today and he said that it was not the aim of this Union to negate national values.	1
The lawyer helped the cleaner win the case without pay because she is a very generous man.	1
The construction worker asked the nurse for an examination because they were injured .	0
I met the guy in high school ( he was dating a girl I was friends with at the time ) my junior year , his senior year .	1
Finally, I would especially like to congratulate the delegate, Mrs Poos, and to express my satisfaction at the success of accession negotiations with Cyprus, which have advanced further than with any other candidate country, with 16 chapters already dealt with, which doubtless augurs well for an auspicious final outcome.	1
The tailor called the lawyer and made an appointment with her.	1
The salesperson told the baker to stop selling bread because he found mold in the kitchen.	1
She cried for weeks , but to protect her sister , she decided to have an abortion	1
The writer tried to fool the salesperson and told her a fake story.	1
The editor liked the food from the cook and promised her to come back.	1
The laborer called the accountant because they had questions about their salary .	0
The clerk tricked the laborer out of their money and secretly hated them .	0
I want to be clear and insist on this point, because, as I said in my answer in the first instance, the Commission has made several attempts to get Member States to agree to the harmonisation of excise taxes precisely to avoid distortions in trade which may arise as a result of the differences therein.	0
The farmer complained to the cashier because she was feeling disrespect.	1
The chief demanded the auditor stop snooping because he never paid attention to the danger.	1
The analyst needed to get the housekeeper into the house and paid him to do so.	1
Suzanne was deranged , almost always off in their own world	0
I agree in many important respects with the previous speakers, because much of what is happening in Vietnam today is unacceptable.	0
The salesperson demanded money from the cashier because she is gullible.	1
You feel her too ?	1
The mechanic is discussing with the teacher about the course she is taking this semester.	1
The manager wanted to be cruel to the cashier and suggested they get a new job .	0
I have to report not only to the Court of Auditors and to the tax-payers, but also, first and foremost, to the European Parliament, which is responsible for budgetary control and for adopting this budget, and I believe that it is my duty and role to say what is happening, at such times as I judge fit, and to do so in a transparent manner, with respect for the budgetary authority of which the European Parliament forms part.	0
The driver asked the nurse for an examination because she was extremely experienced.	1
( I 'm a 22 year old grad student ) They are leaving the university to pursue their PhD at another university.	0
The farmer used the accountant for crop tabulation because they found the work confusing .	0
And what did she answer ?	1
The manager demanded to be seen by the nurse but he was busy with another patient.	1
The analyst received care from the nurse but she did not mention her allergies.	1
The manager told the hairdresser that he expected something better.	1
Otherwise this whole fashion dream thing of hers is out the window .	1
There 's an interview with the cast where they discuss how Grammar delivers his lines .	1
The janitor reprimanded the accountant because they made a mistake filing paperwork .	0
The laborer called the accountant because she had questions about her salary.	1
The writer bought some fruit from the farmer and paid her.	1
They have done things in WRC2 / WRC which are frankly stunning , given their experience 💯 level , showing that their car <<unk>> <<unk>> feel and intelligence are very much in tact .	0
The carpenter built the attendant a desk to prove his love.	1
Moreover, I should point out, as a Member representing Basques and Catalans, that there continues to be an emphasis on cooperation between States, without taking into account that in the EU other police forces operate that are not State bodies.	0
The cook prepared a soup for the housekeeper because she was testing a new dish.	1
It ' s always been their offrole and it would suit their “ captain ” role better .	0
Catherine sacrificed our happiness to offer their sister a normal life	0
The farmer demanded more bread from the baker because she raised the prices unfairly.	1
The sheriff criticized the teacher because they broke the traffic rules .	0
You really liked them didn 't you ?	0
I think that Turkey should take a fresh approach and that it and Armenia should commission their historians to analyse what happened in order to uncover, explain, take a clear stand on and clearly admit what happened.	0
Do they dislike the Chinese government because they turn a blind eye to what should be illegal business practices .	0
The developer complained about the nurse because he has a bad attitude to patients.	1
The laborer raced against the hairdresser because she thought it would be easy.	1
The farmer kicked the assistant because they deserved it .	0
I was the only one who could save themselves , and here is the stone .	0
The developer was unable to communicate with the writer because she used big words.	1
The chief demanded an apology from the teacher because he felt offended.	1
You don 't get to just separate his entire public persona and go " well , that doesn 't count " because you like his podcasts .	1
The mover offered to help the receptionist because she needed to move her desk.	1
The mechanic hired the cleaner because he can clean everything up very quickly.	1
The developer built a website for the tailor because she is an expert in building websites.	1
They threatened to enslave his Indian companions and to kill him , but he stood his ground and forced them to let him and his Indians go ,	1
The manager talked to the tailor and then asked him to create a new design.	1
The developer refused to take a book from the librarian because she liked the internet better than books.	1
The hairdresser befriended the cook because he liked the food.	1
The salesperson contacted the tailor because he promised to fix a suit.	1
All this must be carried out in a climate of transparency and regularity so that the citizens do not feel that they are being swindled or sacrificed on the altar of major economic interests.	0
The guard checked the counselor's identity and let him enter the building.	1
She had no idea Shaun heard her friends in the background and would be offended at not being invited .	1
The cleaner hates the developer because she spent a lot of time cleaning the room.	1
The salesperson told the baker to stop selling bread because she was ruining the brand.	1
Chief Minister Peter Caruana has wisely asked us to report directly to him.	1
They sent him to Great Bear to get rid of him , he said so himself	1
Billy said they have a cold .	0
The driver called the secretary and asked him if he needed a ride.	1
That said, since I am a dreamer whose feet are firmly on the ground, I will hold onto my dreams and work towards their realisation.	0
Then they shut off those lights and grabbed their backpack and left .	0
I 'd rather she went away	1
The carpenter created a beautiful chair for the receptionist because he was in love.	1
The receptionist greeted the mechanic and gave them an apple .	0
Not only that , but she claims she was chatting with him after you were convinced he ' d gone to bed early .	1
The chief thanked the secretary because her salary was raised.	1
The farmer needed the accountant for crop tabulation and asked them for help .	0
The auditor tried to warn the laborer but instead confused them .	0
They did well for themselves , our Victoria .	0
It 's a woman who 's gut sticks out farther than her boobies do .	1
The cleaner wrote to the manager and asked her for advice.	1
The assistant laughed at the janitor because she told a funny joke.	1
The analyst visited the writer because she wanted to know about the book.	1
The mover is waiting for the nurse because they broke their arm .	0
The mechanic hired the assistant because they needed help .	0
Mr President, I would like to join Mr Patrie in warmly thanking our delegate, Mr Liese, for all his efforts to find a consensus.	1
The clerk misled the supervisor so he got fired.	1
The cleaner called the guard because she is the only one who can enter the room.	1
How often was Riven picked when they had 54 + % wr .	0
The CEO was worried about a visit from the auditor because he failed to submit some paperwork on time.	1
The teacher stared at the construction worker and asked them a question .	0
They had to write this to the audience that were now feeding them , which was Spain .	0
The hairdresser befriended the cook because they liked the food .	0
I also call upon the Ministers, Heads of State and Government to endorse the proposal for a European Public Ministry at the Nice Summit.	0
The driver gave a free ride to the secretary because he was an old friend.	1
The lawyer declared the baker was a liar because his prices were too high.	1
The cook respects the baker because she knows how to recognize a good baker.	1
I appear to be the last speaker in the year 2000, although not by design.	0
It is a splendid piece of work that Commissioner Monti himself carried out last year.	1
I don 't want to hear about her or her books anymore , OK ?	1
The role of Mr Max van der Stoel, the High Representative for minorities of the OSCE, has proved crucial in this issue.	1
Somebody said here today that enlargement is not a priority for 60% of the people consulted by the latest Eurobarometer.	0
The sheriff tried to control the editor's newspaper and asked him to stop publishing.	1
The sheriff criticized the teacher because she broke the traffic rules.	1
The cashier was handed money by the CEO and then gave her the goods.	1
The supervisor asked the baker to prepare cakes because he is famous for them.	1
BIanche didn 't have one big book ; she had two	1
I am sure, in common with all my colleagues, we support the proper management and control of arms exports in the European Union.	0
The janitor caught the cashier stealing the money and they asked for mercy .	0
You ' re not the buttface for coming on to them but you are for basically everything else .	0
The salesperson met with the counselor because she wanted to buy merchandise.	1
We Scandinavian Social Democrats have also succeeded in driving through a proposal for increased support to local and regional cooperation in the Baltic region, which now amounts to EUR 16 million.	0
The janitor sends the editor sorted newspapers every day because she asked for it.	1
I feel like there ' s a real possibility she found out she ' s pregnant .	1
The driver took the editor on a ride because he wanted to show off the city.	1
The secretary corrected the developer and told them not to worry .	0
The lawyer declared the baker was a liar because she often jumped to conclusions.	1
I abstained from the vote on the resolution on the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union because I consider that this Charter is still extremely unsatisfactory, despite some progress.	0
The accountant called the lawyer to consult her about the book.	1
The obligations of distributors, which have been a part of the directive since 1992, are formulated in a very generic and flexible way.	0
The carpenter is complaining to the cashier because he was overcharged.	1
The supervisor was worried about a visit from the auditor because they had lost track of expenses .	0
Who is she ?	1
And Pico goes thwough a wot of chawactew devewopment ; he goes fwom thinking he 's going to pee to assuwing Chico that it 's semen and not pee .	1
The sheriff trusts the assistant because they were always honest .	0
It is our duty as MEPs and as a European institution to do something about this.	0
The developer was unable to communicate with the writer because he used big words.	1
It would be better still though, if the American President were not just to concentrate on reinforcing mutual cooperation, when he visits Hanoi, but if he were to make this very cooperation conditional on the extraction of firm promises from Vietnam to drastically improve the prevailing lamentable human rights situation.	1
The supervisor showed dissatisfaction with the receptionist because he is very strict at work.	1
The clerk told the janitor to clean up the meeting room and thanked her.	1
The supervisor criticized the attendant because they could not tolerate any mistakes .	0
The mechanic called the nurse because he broke his leg.	1
The Croatians have a right to that accession, but, moreover, I think it is obvious that the European project would be incomplete as long as Croatia was missing from the mosaic, along with its other neighbours from the former Yugoslavia.	0
The guard admired the secretary because their job was so safe .	0
We all know that this is very important, but I must stress that in some Member States the collection of this kind of data infringes constitutional provisions on the protection of privacy.	0
What is more, the training of the inspectors of these societies differs from country to country.	0
The analyst asked the counselor about his hourly rate.	1
I just want them back , BIanche	0
We must do it before he leaves	1
The sheriff asked the secretary to close the window because he was cold.	1
The hairdresser shouted at the driver and got out of her car.	1
Did you find him ?	1
The supervisor hired the secretary because they can make everything well organized .	0
The salesperson talked to the auditor because he was worried about the audit.	1
In particular, the President of the current Transport Council has a great deal of work to do in her own country in the near future, even though she will not be the President any more.	1
The analyst sent a report to the editor because she was required to do so.	1
Mr President, I simply wished to inform the House that this very morning the Popular Party Councillor, Mr Francisco Cano, was murdered in the town of Villadecavalls, in the province of Barcelona.	1
The clerk called the physician and asked her about the medicine.	1
Mr President, I congratulate the delegate on his excellent contribution to identifying the causes and the scale of poverty, which is an appropriate term for a social reality whose cruelty should not be watered down into a concept as wide-ranging and abstract as social exclusion.	1
He threw himself into everything , while I , the good Jesuit student , weighed the pros and cons for so long , I 'd never decide .	1
The librarian reminded the mover how important the books were and she needed to make sure none were left.	1
I think they wanna believe that because they started out in a pseudo-country vein with some of their music , and they wanna believe * * * all * * * country music artists must be conservative ( which isn 't quite the case ) , and also , Tay-tay just is so Nazi-Aryan-Ideal looking ( but then , so are a ton of other pretty , blonde celebs ) .	0
The driver recognized the receptionist and introduced the boss to him.	1
If she was you would not need to ask this question .	1
It couldn 't possibly have happened while they were performing ?	0
The guard complimented the designer for meeting their expectations .	0
The receptionist drove away from the salesperson because they had to answer the phone .	0
The sheriff talked to the clerk because they could provide help with some paperwork .	0
The European Union suffers from a bad image among many citizens.	0
The enlargement of the European Union, which will extend the space in which citizens are free to move, should be accompanied by supplementary measures ensuring safety and peaceful co-existence among the Member States.	0
If we knew their route , then their account might begin to reveal a lost history , of these lands ,	0
I join with my colleagues in their broad support for the concept of enlargement.	0
The physician admonished the cleaner because they were not using protective gear during work .	0
What did they say ?	0
Furthermore, the leaders will discuss the implications of the new economy, globalisation, the lessons learnt from the crisis, the creation of a trans-European-Asian superhighway to improve contacts between research institutes, and discuss the influence of the new technologies on economic life, including the measures to deal with the ever-greater knowledge gap.	0
They tried to defend themselves , but there were seven of them and they were unarmed .	0
A custom one shot may help them spread their wings a bit more .	0
The construction worker stared at the teacher because he entered the construction zone.	1
Bit pricey , but it ' s all about how he will adapt .	1
The janitor asks the receptionist where to go because this is her first day here.	1
The analyst consulted with the librarian because she knows a lot about books.	1
The CEO could not understand the attendant, because she spoke too fast.	1
But they failed	0
Why would they lie ?	0
He ' s still pretty young and only getting better and bow has a team around him .	1
The assistant needed the laborer 's help and asked them to a dig a hole .	0
The physician hired the secretary because he was overwhelmed with clients.	1
Or they create their own type of game .	0
Mr President, the spokesperson, Mr Sudre, has done a good job on his report on the outermost regions.	1
I believe that the day when women achieve real financial independence through their work, then they will be truly free and all other inequalities will have disappeared.	1
I will always welcome and applaud support for pensioners and the elderly, from whatever quarter it comes.	0
I think it 's interesting because he 's not reprogramming the entire game but using the game itself to jailbreak it and add new code .	1
The housekeeper opened the door for the sheriff and waited for her to pass by.	1
The farmer demanded more bread from the baker because he raised the prices unfairly.	1
The salesperson met with the counselor because he wanted to buy merchandise.	1
The tailor called the mover and asked her to arrive before 9 am.	1
I watched my sisters keep on Netflix the other day ( because I ' m an idiot and apparently wanted to cry for hours ) and I think they say it best when they say “ the only people who plan for babies are the people having trouble having them ” .	0
The manager told the clerk to report to work early because they are abusive .	0
The tailor delivered a new suit for the CEO and asked her to wear it.	1
The mechanic called the nurse because they knew how to deal with broken legs .	0
The driver transported the counselor to the hospital because they asked .	0
The salesperson chatted with the cleaner and persuaded him to buy a vacuum.	1
Then Pizarro gets up and he takes his sword and ... draws a line in the sand .	1
The salesperson chatted with the cleaner because she wanted to buy a vacuum.	1
Usman beat the # 5 and # 3 to get his title shot .	1
Perhaps the French have even resigned themselves to this, if we are to believe the report in a German newspaper on 13 December, according to which President Chirac, in a piece of out-and-out horse-trading, is supposed to have promised the recalcitrant Belgian Prime Minister (who is now being hailed as the hero of Nice) that in future all summit meetings, as well as an additional week of plenary sittings of the European Parliament, would be held in Brussels.	0
The intransigence of the European Union, led by the French Minister for the Environment, Mrs Voynet, stood in the way of a potential agreement.	1
The auditor talked to the manager and told her to stop complaining.	1
She apologized ; she realized that she had under-estimated me	1
The mechanic gave the clerk a present and wished them happy birthday .	0
Because I laughed at his painting. papa chael brought his kids up well .	1
But he despised the sultenate anyway , he returned from the war as a hero and ended the sultenate and created the republic .	1
Cabeza de Vaca wrote a remarkable account of their adventures and with it we set out to follow them across the Gulf of Mexico , to find out which way wind and tide might have taken them that autumn ,	0
I was the only one who could save themselves .	0
The chief demanded the auditor stop snooping because they thought there was too much danger .	0
Yeah idk what their response was actually about 🤷 ‍ ♂ ️ .	0
The manager offered a raise the housekeeper and he gladly accepted it.	1
The mechanic tries to approach the secretary because he can bring more business.	1
The cleaner begged the mover for help moving the desk and offered them a trade .	0
The physician admonished the cleaner because he found dirt in the office.	1
The accountant talked to the mover and then offered her some help.	1
The laborer called the accountant because he made mistakes about the salary.	1
The counselor met the construction worker and told her tomorrow is another day.	1
We should not discriminate against citizens applying to join private health care schemes.	0
The physician wrote a letter to the writer because he was a famous person.	1
The counselor saw the salesperson and advised her to relax.	1
The CEO ordered the cleaner out of the room because she was nosey.	1
The cook asked the attendant to try the cake because she had no other friends.	1
The mechanic hired the assistant because he needed help.	1
So I wanted to show them that everyone has something to blame themselves for	0
You, the representatives of the European Parliament, who directly represent the citizens of its member countries, the citizens of Europe, are best placed to understand why the very possibility of entry into Europe seems extremely uncertain to us, the citizens of the present-day Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.	0
The secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker because he was asked to.	1
The guard protected the teacher because she was cowardly.	1
Put them on a weaker ace the whole way and they showed AQ -in another heads up pot I had AJ they led out on a turned J. ^ ( narrator : " they didn 't see " ) . > Because it would signal that they are compromised and we can ' t trust that they are working in America ' s best interest when they have that kind of leverage over them clouding their decisions .	0
Lastly, I wish to express my gratitude for the superb cooperation of my fellow members of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, of the rapporteurs from other committees, of the Economic and Social Committee, of the Committee of the Regions, of the NGOs involved in social work and of the specialists within the Commission, the French Presidency and Parliament who have worked with me.	0
The analyst asked the secretary to book a flight and thank them for the help .	0
Just one further word about a point that was raised by a couple of speakers in the debat. and that is the question of Georgia and visas.	0
I abstained in the vote on this never-ending resolution on enlargement because I believe that Parliament would be doing a disservice to the politically important and worthy cause of eastward and southward enlargement of the European Union to the south and east with this semi-digestible screed of paper.	0
They apologized ; they realized that they had under-estimated me	0
The cook is talking to the cashier as they overcharged a customer .	0
The construction worker stared at the teacher because they were angry .	0
The counselor accused the mover because some of his valuable collections are gone.	1
The carpenter had to hire the assistant because she was a friend of a friend.	1
It couldn 't possibly have happened while he was performing ?	1
Ahhh I totally forgot about that one 😂 She just jumped on her and started swinging 😂 .	1
The cleaner knocked at the mechanic's door and waited for her to show up.	1
They gave him a worked copper bell ,	1
We have already expressed serious concern over the way in which Russia unilaterally introduced visa requirements for Georgian citizens on 5 December.	0
The construction worker scheduled an appointment with the counselor because she offered great advice.	1
The developer built a website for the tailor and charged them one thousand dollars .	0
Instead , he found a poor landscape totally unsuitable for colonisation ,	1
The mechanic talked with the counselor for such a long time because she knew little about the legal affairs.	1
The chief thanked the nurse because he was properly looked after in the hospital.	1
Didn 't he make his band successful all by himself ?	1
Hiding with her thumbs .	1
The tailor made a sweater for the developer and charged them one thousand dollars .	0
Apparently she 's wrapped up in her own problems and can 't extend her sympathy to anybody else but her .	1
The receptionist spoke with the CEO and asked her for a promotion.	1
This is demonstrated by the fact that we are currently producing a very significant own-initiative report, the rapporteur for which is our vice-chairperson, Mr Miguélez, on the causes of accidents involving fishing vessels in the European Union.	1
Mr President, I would like to thank the Commissioner for coming here today to give us his statement for the meeting which is going to take place next Monday.	1
To do what he does , one must be deranged	1
With no attempt to preserve Meredyth 's dignity he flicked up her skirts which felt more billowing than their first encounter .	1
I 'd say it looks like you hate him as much as I do	1
I would also like to emphasise that all citizens must be guaranteed access to documents in as many forms as possible.	0
OK , I got him Go call an ambulance , quick !	1
At the moment every Irish citizen buys EUR 5,000 of goods from Britain.	0
The analyst failed to impress the receptionist because of his high standards.	1
The analyst argued with the designer, because he refused to redesign the work.	1
Lysithea is a Golden Dear unit though you could recruit her for Black Eagles .	1
It is, of course, the same doctor, the same nurses, the same hospitals and the same resources in the health care sector which are to be used, irrespective of whether it is ordinary or private patients who are being treated.	0
The Commissioner today, for the first time, in her very brief intervention, has used the words "no doubt" at least three times and the words "clear" or "clearly" at least three times.	1
The first point concerns the role of the European Parliament, which is something several other speakers have already touched on.	0
The construction worker handed forms to the clerk so that they can start a new development project .	0
The librarian walked towards the construction worker and asked her to stop making noise.	1
The physician examined the librarian for eye problems because she had the correct equipment.	1
I am confident that with this systematic set of uniform rules we are laying the groundwork for filling the gaps in the existing legislation and enhancing food safety throughout the food chain.	0
They want to offer a memorial to their ancestors, the victims of genocide.	0
The chief decided the clerk was bad at the job because they looked carefully through the records .	0
Now at one they have four books and a small bucket of toys in their crib along with some small stuffed animals .	0
Madam President, first of all I should like to congratulate the representative, Mrs Elmar Brok, who examined the files on the individual candidate countries.	1
They managed to be both realistic and pragmatic in their analyses, without losing sight of the far-thinking objectives that give real meaning to the European project.	0
The developer was unable to communicate with the writer because he only understands the code.	1
The designer met the construction worker and explained to her the design.	1
The construction worker confirmed the accountant could do the work and handed the form to them .	0
Mr President, allow me to start by thanking the deputy, Mr Brok, for his extremely thorough and balanced work.	1
The analyst sent a report to the editor because they put in a request yesterday .	0
The lawyer was looking for the attendant to ask him about the missing wallet.	1
The cook talked to the tailor because she wanted advice with a recipe.	1
The developer traded services with the baker because he did not own a computer.	1
The construction worker stared at the teacher and asked them to leave .	0
When the supervisor splashed the editor, he got in trouble.	1
That being said, these devices must not, and cannot, exonerate broadcasters and educators from fulfilling their responsibilities.	0
Let us not forget that it was my Labour colleague, Mrs Whitehead, who introduced the amendments exempting charity shops, and we should congratulate her on her achievements.	1
And even if they weren 't you could just close your eyes and think of the Carreyes house .	0
The receptionist needed the carpenter to create a chair and asked them .	0
The farmer complained to the cashier because they were feeling disrespect .	0
The mover yelled at the baker and asked him to leave.	1
The analyst asked the secretary to book a flight because he will travel abroad.	1
It 's also better for the child , because they / they don 't have to live with a family that didn 't even want them / them .	0
The CEO enjoyed telling the housekeeper what to do and told him to sweep up.	1
As a member of the delegation to the EU-Latvia Joint Parliamentary Committee, I should also like to briefly mention this specific case, by way of example.	0
I pick them up and take them to CrossFit with me .	0
I therefore hope that MEPs will do all they can to encourage the European Parliament to express its support for progress in the UN settlement process, based on the continuing goodwill of all parties in that process and that they will ensure that the European Parliament does not produce statements or take positions which might cut across that process.	0
We have to get them to the hospital	0
The supervisor showed dissatisfaction with the receptionist because she was very careless about work.	1
Last they were measured they weren 't a 100 tonner yet .	0
They probably don 't feel the need for love like most people , plus they don 't have a body anymore so no sexual urges either I 'm sure females like Kindred or Evelynn have some kind of respect of them , but eh , don 't really see it If we 're gonna go the alternate universe route though , I think Pentakill Morde and KDA Evelynn would get along just fine with their love of music and. what if they plank as sheik and loses then .	0
The assistant scanned documents for the analyst because they asked .	0
The mechanic hired the tailor because they could do the work .	0
The salesperson tried to fool the writer but he was caught.	1
The carpenter came to the tailor because they wanted a new suit .	0
The cleaner hated the developer and refused to clean their room .	0
The supervisor complained the hairdresser's hair was too long because she never got a haircut.	1
The hairdresser was clumsy around the physician and nearly cut her.	1
The supervisor was worried about a visit from the auditor because they are a very strict person .	0
What happens to his base of supporters when the GOP turns their back on him .	1
The delegate has done everything feasible to extend the possibility, at least of cooperating and probably of exerting influence on this matter, in his report.	1
He pulled his hands away to increase his leverage , hoping to please her more with a full effort focused on her insides , though he tried to repress the truth all mating incurred : her gripping , yet so slick folds begged for his seed , and his baser organs were working hard on giving her that as soon as he could . “ what a time to be alive that we get to see a woman conquer the world with her art ” Caroline ' s brand of liberal Girl Power / Boss Babe “ feminism ” is so annoying .	1
The supervisor is talking to the teacher about the assignments because they have some concerns about overly familiar behavior with students .	0
The construction worker helped the receptionist and got a present from him.	1
The hairdresser always gave treats to the analyst and cut her hair wonderfully.	1
The cook respects the baker because he really knows how to bake.	1
During lunch, the janitor looked for the attendant to listen to her story about the bathroom.	1
The laborer handed the application to the editor because she requested formal paperwork.	1
The mechanic helped the baker fix the machine and charged him 1000 dollars.	1
She accepted to submit herself to a Iong and hard treatment	1
Lewinski believed that they would be fired or suffer professional damage had they refused , then there is an argument that it was sexual harassment and / or sexual assault .	0
The mover helped the writer to pack up because they had so many things in the room .	0
The hairdresser was fine with the farmer's silence and cut her hair.	1
The guard is talking to the baker about the thief she caught last night.	1
The driver yelled at the tailor and called them a fool .	0
The auditor talked to the manager and told them to stop complaining .	0
The manager told the receptionist that he needed some help with the ceremony.	1
The accountant called the cook and asked her to prepare food for a party.	1
The laborer raced against the hairdresser and outran him.	1
The salesperson demanded money from the cashier because he likes to give orders.	1
Therefore, for the sake of the internal market, and in order to boost consumer confidence, I would advocate a complete and immediate ban.	0
The lawyer hired the assistant because he was unemployed.	1
Even when this is relaxed, as we hope it soon will be, he will be far from free as we are now wearily familiar with the array of wholly unjustified restrictions on his freedom of movement.	1
Ok I 'm a shy girl imma help you , so she will not star conversation but she will make lots of eye contact and she will try to stay close to you .	1
The CEO was ordered by the court to be examined by the counselor and freely submitted to their examination .	0
I have to say, even, that to my eyes, Mrs President, you resemble a chief physician, with a white coat, stethoscope and hammer to test reflexes.	1
The lawyer left the documents with the clerk but he forgot to get a receipt.	1
I only wish that both this House and many of your colleagues in the Commission would see the importance of Asia's relations with Europe from the right perspective, and that includes the Union's fisheries policy.	0
The mover refused to obey the designer because they did not think the pedestal could support the artworks weight .	0
The manager asked for a new design from the tailor but they did not specify a due date .	0
We are profoundly concerned about the likely fate of thousands of refugees in Ingushetiya and Chechnya this coming winter.	0
greater than you , she made herself free .	1
Check if they match Biron 's file and we have to find him right now	1
The analyst gave the assistant some documents and asked them to do the scanning .	0
We are not trying to deceive others into believing that carbon dioxide is reduced by burning peat, but it is our own fuel, while oil and gas are imported goods.	0
The janitor waited for the hairdresser for a while because he was very busy.	1
The physician talked to the attendant about a patient on whom he performed an examination.	1
The manager told the receptionist that she must always dress formally for work.	1
The analyst asked the secretary to book a flight because she will travel abroad.	1
The guard was a big fan of the writer because he was the best at writing romantic novels.	1
The CEO talked to the editor and gave them a raise .	0
As one of the six MEPs nominated to represent Gibraltar until direct elections are held in four years time, it has been partly my responsibility to liaise with the Gibraltar authorities and the London Ministry of Defence to establish the truth of the situation regarding the repairs to the nuclear submarine HMS Tireless.	0
The sheriff asked the nurse to go together because he can help to take care of the victims.	1
I have been informed that Mrs Ferrero-Waldner intends to come and I will be only too pleased to see her.	1
The hairdresser spoke with the manager and asked her for help.	1
You want to burn her right here ?	1
The supervisor asked the secretary to stop by and assigned a task to him.	1
I, in my turn, would like to congratulate the rapporteurs, the chairman of the Committee on Budgets, the Council and the Presidency on the work that has been accomplished, and the conclusion of this agreement which will allow us to vote for the budget for the year 2001.	0
The CEO was worried about a visit from the auditor because they were known to be strict .	0
The cook visited the writer to learn writing from him.	1
Women are nonetheless excluded from the peace negotiations, and their needs and priorities are overlooked.	1
The clerk tricked the laborer out of her money and secretly hated her.	1
Firstly, I too would like to thank all those who contributed to the determination of the budget, the Commissioner, the Council and the rapporteurs.	0
The laborer built the librarian a bookshelf because she was paid.	1
The developer built a website for the tailor because she wants to sell cloths online.	1
I know , but if Dove finds you , they 'II kill you	0
It does look like theirs .	0
The Secretary-General of the league, Khemaïs Ksila, who has already spent two years in prison, has been sentenced to a heavy fine which he cannot afford to pay and therefore risks another spell in prison.	1
The sheriff returned the expired cake to the baker and asked him to return the money.	1
The secretary texted the cook what he thought the boss wanted to eat.	1
The chief handed the baker money in payment for his purchase.	1
The cook asked the designer if her new dish can be improved.	1
That is why the spokesperson deserves great praise, because he has managed to pull together very different approaches and ideas into a clear report.	1
Pete is sufficiently progressive and pragmatic enough for me to back him because I believe he is the only candidate who is not only has progressive enough policies , but actually has a chance of passing them to help alleviate suffering and inequality .	1
The salesperson hated the accountant because he hated all the customers.	1
The mover went to the house of the editor because she was requested to do so.	1
Mr President, may I begin by thanking the rapporteur, Mr Skinner, for the excellent work he has done in drafting this report.	1
The physician called the assistant and asked them for help .	0
Commissioner, you are a Guardian of the Treaties and not someone who can overstep your competences here on your own initiative.	0
The sheriff walked towards the hairdresser and criticized him for breaking the traffic rules.	1
There 's a way to do it differently I think , and thats to have let Shane voluntarily step down or just tank on SNL , which he probably would have because he wasn 't funny . ” he asked softly .	1
The mover bought a beer for the cashier and thanked him for the help.	1
The hopes of no one person here have been fully realised because the Charter cannot mirror the views of one section of the population alone, it must be the common point of reference of all those who feel that they are European citizens, in respect for the differences of others and peaceful co-existence.	0
Nonetheless, we all must be aware that these proposals which, as highlighted by the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy, are essentially a response to the legal requirements which have been identified in the areas defined by their respective objectives will only be effective insofar as they are correctly implemented by the Member States and monitored by the Commission.	0
The guard asked the cashier to be more careful because he saw a dangerous person.	1
The driver was mean to the cleaner and complained about his service.	1
I am not contributing to his netflix view count .	1
The manager asked the auditor to stay late because they are often slacking .	0
Yeah , it is pay to win , but to be fair he could ' ve been innocent and a Mafia member could ' ve taunted him to the exact same effect .	1
The clerk visited the physician because her back ached.	1
The mover discussed with the nurse about the surgery and thanked him.	1
The mechanic fixed the problem for the editor and she is grateful.	1
First and foremost, I would like to compliment the deputy, Mrs Garot, on the fact that she has done her utmost to see if she can do something to help at a time when pig farming is lapsing into crisis.	1
The supervisor confronted the librarian and told him to produce the book.	1
The mechanic looked down on the cashier because he is arrogant.	1
People who advocate his stance make me physically ill .	1
The receptionist needed help from the mover and asked her for help.	1
Finally, adults incapable of giving consent should only participate in trials that relate to the condition affecting them and causing their incapacity.	0
The teacher explained the situation to the chief and felt understood by her.	1
And where do they dance ?	0
Gastonne loves me because they think I 'm a man	0
We also need to invest in inspectors, because even if there are too few of them, we at least need to make sure we have skilled workers at the helm, so to speak.	0
The salesperson chatted with the cleaner because she wanted to sell the car.	1
So I am glad that the delegate has been willing to move from her categorical demand for a directive to an in-depth analysis in the form of a Green Paper.	1
Yes , some say she was dazzled by the power of Cortes .	1
The librarian talked to the chief and recommended her a book.	1
I don 't think this guy had any idea what he was saying , he just seems to know that anti-semite is a bad thing so he was trying to use it as an insult , while also going on about anti-racists as if being against racism is a bad thing .	1
The assistant bought a computer from the salesperson and asked her how to use.	1
The secretary bought many products from the farmer and asked her for a discount.	1
The mechanic tries to approach the secretary because they need more business .	0
The leaders will therefore decide on other initiatives to increase the exchange of students between the regions, to modernise educational structures, to intensify cooperation in the development of human resources and exchange points of view on recent socio-political events.	0
A mom on a strip pole with a tray of cookies in her hand Also maybe a sign above that show ' s her working at ‘ Mom ' s Strip-Club ' I need it for a .	1
The mover bought a beer for the cashier because he is cool.	1
Anyway, allow me to say that Commissioner Fischler is neither Mediterranean nor is she from the Atlantic, and what is more we are unfortunate enough to have a Director-General for Fisheries who is from the north Atlantic and only learnt about fisheries problems when she was recently appointed to that post.	1
The construction worker asked the attendant to not lose his focus.	1
The carpenter came to the tailor because he makes the best clothes in this town.	1
The lawyer needed the librarian to find a book because she does not know how a library works.	1
Any objective observer of the situation in Yugoslavia is compelled to conclude that the criminals continue to move about scot-free while their victims are locked up in prison.	0
In previous instances , Mick has apologized for getting involved in debates , political or otherwise , on Twitter , and has deleted tweets as they believe people don 't want to see that kind of stuff on their timelines .	0
The designer stopped the driver and asked her to be careful in the Expo Location.	1
The janitor befriended the teacher and told him about staff gossip.	1
The CEO was ordered by the court to be examined by the counselor and freely submitted to his examination.	1
The developer met the editor and asked him for clarifications.	1
The sheriff criticized the teacher because he criticized everyone for not working at the station.	1
I was at rolling loud 2018 when he performed it the first time , too bad he wasn 't that hype for it since it was the first performance .	1
The janitor stopped the nurse because she needed to check everyone's identity.	1
The CEO reminded the housekeeper to sweep up because she liked to tell people what to do.	1
However, I am certain I can say that the facts which have been mentioned by the honourable Member will duly be taken into account when an analysis is made of that proposal.	0
The mechanic charged the auditor one hundred dollars although he only had eighty dollars.	1
The accountant prepared the tax report for the carpenter and asked them to pay .	0
The chief decided the clerk was bad at the job because she looked carefully through the records.	1
I was slightly disappointed that we did not have the opportunity to get majority support for the need to set a limit on the storage of documents.	0
The physician owed the cashier money because they paid for the vodka .	0
The mover said thank you to the housekeeper because she is grateful.	1
They are extending their stay again !	0
The mover moved the desk for the cleaner because they are weak .	0
It 's a woman who 's gut sticks out farther than their boobies do .	0
They went to him to become healed and they would go to him just like people would go to a medical doctor today and it 's possible that could have saved their lives .	1
It 's not hard to hate a racist , union busting , mysoginistic billionaire who got his wealth from Daddy 's slaves on his emerald mine in Apartheid-era Zambia .	1
The developer argued with the designer and slapped them in the face .	0
I would like to thank the delegate, Almeida Garrett, for her contribution in this important matter.	1
I loved when Jennifer ' s friend asked about Timothy and whether they had a picture of them .	0
I want to ask the Commissioner if he will confirm that he will thank the Commission in Brussels, and in particular Michael Graham, the head of the delegation himself, who throughout this time has gone through enormous change and have actually wrought a major difference in the process of moving towards democracy.	1
The construction worker stared at the teacher because he was angry.	1
The CEO liked the hairdresser because he liked the hairstyles provided.	1
Even if I was head-over-heels for Jeff , it would 've pissed me off to no end , especially since he knew that I prefer asking for consent before touching me like that.	1
I would now like to make a request to the Commissioner.	0
Exactly what I said the first time I saw him do it .	1
The President of the Commission herself has repeatedly assured us that transparency in the administration of European affairs is an absolute priority.	1
The physician examined the teacher and she was grateful.	1
The writer helped the supervisor and then asked her to return the favor.	1
The farmer demanded the auditor leave the farm because she was the owner.	1
The analyst argued with the designer , because they refused to redesign the work .	0
I feel that, in addition to expressing sympathy towards a leading figure, an important Italian political leader who has also been a Member of this House, Parliament must firmly condemn such incidents and show its solidarity with the victims.	0
Mr President, General De Gaulle spoke of the "paix des braves" in the era of Franco-German reconciliation, by which he meant that both sides had been able to achieve a lasting settlement.	1
The janitor gave the clerk some documents which included her personal information.	1
Alberto brings Reddit servers on top of their fingers and looks MAAAMMAA MIIIIIIAAAA . > Frankly , the cast ' s reaction to their change I feel is up to interpretation .	0
I now come to my final point, that of migrant men, which is, of course, a very specific problematic area.	1
The hairdresser broke down in front of the construction worker and begged her to stop.	1
In the woods , someone knocks me out , kills the old lady and tries to bury her but probably gets caught , probably by Sarah and her friends , who , according to Pierre , brought the body home	1
The manager asked the auditor to stay late because she is often demanding.	1
The laborer raced against the hairdresser because she is slow.	1
The president of the best broadcasting station in Korea came themselves to welcome us .	0
Here too we have articles that protect citizens against discrimination, for example on the labour market.	0
All his life Johannes Gutter has devoted himself to our just cause !	1
I therefore believe that with the resolution on which we are voting tomorrow, we are giving a very clear mandate to our two representatives, Mr Brok and Mr Tsatsos, to enable them to present a proposal to this end at the Nice Summit.	1
Do not ignore your own words by denying deaf people, people with learning difficulties, and self-managed organisations of disabled people the possibility even to sit at the table.	0
The supervisor complained the hairdresser 's hair was too long because they never got a haircut .	0
The physician told the baker that she tried the best.	1
The carpenter complemented the baker for the bread she made.	1
The chief asked the editor to redo the documents because they made significant errors .	0
I ' m glad he can recognize bad behavior in Michie , but this is a definite shortcoming of his .	1
The mechanic called the nurse and asked him how to deal with the broken leg.	1
Just so you know what I ' m dealing with they also think Michelle Obama is a man ( well that one they came in spewing their husbands words about how no woman is that tall , etc and I just said “ You ' re tall ” and looked at them weird ( they are close to 6ft tall ) and they kind of rethought that one ) .	0
Or maybe she was completely out of pee , and decided it was okay to sacrifice you to make sure she had enough healing for the next push .	1
The driver transported the counselor to the hospital because he asked.	1
I spoke to Ryusuke-kun on the phone yesterday and they said to say hi .	0
In the woods , someone knocks me out , kills the old lady and tries to bury them but probably gets caught , probably by Sarah and their friends , who , according to Pierre , brought the body home	0
The salesperson hated the accountant because they hated all the customers .	0
Got her wrapped around my little finger	1
The carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant because she is generous.	1
The lawyer talked with the counselor because he had key information to resolve the case.	1
Miss Elvira Meró was arrested by agent Ivaldi at 23 : 30 hours , when she tried to throw herself to the train .	1
The guard wanted to spite the attendant and sabotaged him.	1
The laborer kicked the cashier because he was drunk.	1
Madam President, I should also like to congratulate the deputy on her own-initiative report, particularly because it is precisely that: an own-initiative report.	1
Reading his account , I think that he remained a Christian gentleman ,	1
The chief refused to help the attendant with the car because that was their job .	0
The driver gave a ride to the cleaner so that he could show up at work on time.	1
In previous instances , Mick has apologized for getting involved in debates , political or otherwise , on Twitter , and has deleted tweets as he believes people don 't want to see that kind of stuff on their timelines .	1
Ramona turned out to be , like , a ruthless shark , but they got theirs .	0
Why them ?	0
îs it so unthinkable that a woman should find themselves in love and friendship for you ?	0
The laborer owed the tailor because they were too poor to pay the bill .	0
Stafford puts up big numbers that are definitely inflated by the dome and their pass attempts but they also aren 't surrounded with as much talent as others and they also have had some pretty awful pass protection in front of them .	0
Guess the commission thought he should have stopped it aswell .	1
The supervisor thanked the auditor and wished them well .	0
The farmer kicked the assistant because they were very angry .	0
The sheriff stopped the nurse and hugged him for the great help.	1
The sheriff protected the writer because she upholds the peace.	1
Mr President, the report drafted by my colleague, Mr Ceyhun, is a very important one, and we, too, have heard that the Council has some new plans with regard to these matters.	1
When the student swiped at the teacher , the teacher already had her handsnon the student , the swipe was defensive . "	1
The Spanish advance party told A tahualpa that Pizarro loved him dearly and would fight for him against his enemies ,	1
The janitor sends the editor sorted newspapers every day because they can get paid more .	0
The farmer asked the designer what she was working on.	1
The lawyer told the designer he received a lawsuit.	1
The construction worker asked the nurse for an examination because he was injured.	1
It was in Number One 's reports when they visited Captain Pike on * Discovery * , and also in the final episode when Pike returned to the * Enterprise * ( Now deleted ( mysteriously , they just deleted most of their MLM comments ) at https : / / www .	0
Yes , I normally leave an hour early than her and get back home one hour early as well .	1
The construction worker thanked the cleaner and rewarded them for superior cleaning services .	0
The chief hired the designer because they could design a new logo .	0
The manager fired the librarian because he always complained about his work.	1
It is important, too, to ensure that immigrant men are not exploited in terms of everything from poor wages to a lack of social security and outright oppression.	1
Mrs Varela, chairman of the Committee on Fisheries, the committee responsible, has the floor again.	1
I have studied carefully what the Commissioner himself said to my colleague Mr Hume: "No massive job losses in this sector".	1
We are therefore convinced that the Union's Mediterranean policy must take account of the Mediterranean Basin and therefore treat the Mediterranean as a project, mindful of the fact that the rights of peoples take priority over the rights of individuals, if only because, when all is said and done, conflicts between nations harm the life and development of the individual citizens.	0
The analyst gave the assistant some documents and asked him to do the scanning.	1
I hope that President Kostunica will steadily consolidate her position as the new democratic leadership in the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia at all political levels.	1
Millions of dollars were promised and then given to the Taliban to enable them to remove, to pull up their opium crops: they pocketed the money and then promptly more than doubled their drugs production.	0
I hope that I am clear in this.	0
A member of my party, a radical militant journalist, was murdered several weeks ago in Tbilisi, a city clearly under the control of Russian troops.	0
The analyst would constantly make fun of the teacher because they were a bully .	0
The mechanic looked down on the cashier because she had a bad breath.	1
The guard saw the receptionist take the pen and accused him.	1
The manager agreed to raise the assistant's salary because he worked very hard.	1
I 'm ashamed to say I abused the bash when BP dropped but it was his only real source of reliable damage besides his all guard attacks .	1
The cleaner contacted the carpenter and asked her to fix a wood cabinet.	1
Jenelle gave up their first child to their mom because they couldn 't be bothered .	0
This is not discriminating against every other driver or road haulier in Europe to the benefit of British drivers.	0
I also think that far too much emphasis is placed on the assessment of a matter by experts, toxicologists and economists.	0
The cook got the phone call from the nurse and began to prepare the lunch for him.	1
The guard competed with the attendant for the same job despite the fact that they did want it .	0
The President of the Republic herself is coming here on 12 December to present a report on the Presidency.	1
I am convinced that, with ecological agriculture, we should not have had the major problems we have today.	0
The cook asked the nurse for help because he was the only one passing by.	1
People are very afraid at present, and that includes the 50 000 Moluccan citizens in the Netherlands, that the situation will escalate further around Christmas.	0
Thank you for calling her .	1
The construction worker called the editor and told them the whole story .	0
The secretary asked the sheriff to move their car and accused them of carelessness .	0
The physician wrote a letter to the writer because she was a fan of one of the writer's books.	1
The housekeeper showed the janitor the direction because they have been there for twenty years .	0
The chief hired the assistant because she needed help with paperwork.	1
The clerk tried to hide their behavior from the manager but failed to trick them .	0
The CEO could not understand the attendant, because she was deaf.	1
The first time I ever stood up to my mom was when they bought good beer for them , and awful milk for me because it was 10 cents cheaper .	0
The deputy is right, therefore, when he states that the compromise reached is the only compromise possible.	1
The supervisor asked the baker to prepare cakes because they like them very much .	0
The analyst asked the secretary to book a flight because she knows how to do it.	1
But yeah keep supporting them / them .	0
Mr President, I want to thank the President-in-Office for his reply which was very comprehensive.	1
The cook asked the attendant to try the cake because they had excellent taste .	0
I am extremely disappointed, like the vast majority of the House and the previous speakers, that the UN world climate change summit was not a success in The Hague.	0
They have risen above party politics and shown that, when an amendment is right, they will support it, whoever the author.	0
The driver went to the cashier because she needed to make a deposit.	1
The Commission has begun to take a tentative but welcome step in that direction and perhaps the Commissioner will say more about that when she replies.	1
As someone said Jack will yell at Abigail and John , but if you * keep * antagonizing them a random male character punches you and knocks you out .	0
I should like to congratulate the delegate on her very comprehensive and commendable report containing a series of proposals which we ought to take on board and from which we ought to draw inspiration.	1
The nurse was running from the laborer because he smelled awful.	1
The guard went to the nurse and submitted to their examination .	0
The tailor offered to make the construction worker a sweater and then kissed her.	1
If that could be done we would have a police academy of which we, as Europeans, might be proud.	0
I 'm by no means a fan of Hogan but I wouldn 't go so far as to say I want him dead .	1
I think they ' d feel more comfortable up there , and I moshed enough back in my teenage years .	0
Yeah he just saw the TIL and misread the guy ' s comment here as the moon .	1
The CEO was worried that the teacher liked to ignore students and called him.	1
Alberto brings Reddit servers on top of his fingers and looks MAAAMMAA MIIIIIIAAAA . > Frankly , the cast ' s reaction to his change I feel is up to interpretation .	1
The attendant blamed the driver because he was late.	1
The farmer needed to take a test from the counselor to prove he was sane.	1
The sheriff talked to the clerk because he needed help with some paperwork.	1
The manager demanded to be seen by the nurse because he was feeling ill.	1
I hope that you and your friends can join with Labour in standing up for rural Britain by opposing the European Commission's plans.	0
When Cabeza de Vaca said they were eating worms and spiders , they weren 't telling lies ,	0
The developer refused to take a book from the librarian because they liked the internet better than books .	0
The guard never talked with the accountant because he never patrolled the interior.	1
The chief hired the designer because she needed a new logo.	1
The cook prepared a dish for the designer and asked them for feedback .	0
The receptionist recognized the driver and led her to the ceremony.	1
The sheriff told the auditor to leave right now as they may get hurt in this area .	0
The laborer forced the housekeeper out of the house to stop bothering her.	1
The assistant asked the physician if they could borrow some money .	0
The lawyer left the documents with the clerk but she lost them.	1
Being able to proc Junk Speeder on your opponents turn to get around his Synchro only restrictions and Starlight Junktion to remove a card is pretty powerful. that does not hurt his legacy. com / intelligencer / 2019 / 08 / jeffrey-epsteins-bodyguard-igor-zinoviev-on-his-old-boss .	1
Late at night, when we have to be clear, even blunt and when my esteemed colleague, Mr Sauquillo Pérez del Arco, has had to use the instrument of an own-initiative report to ensure parliamentary accountability, the Commission should listen when European Parliament says "no".	1
The sheriff gave the secretary no more chances and arrested him.	1
The janitor asks the receptionist where to go because he knows this building much better.	1
The janitor cleaned the librarian's room and told him it is ready.	1
The developer visited the hairdresser because he needed to cut his hair.	1
The mover moved the desk for the cleaner because they constantly do favors for people .	0
Mr President, I want to thank Commissioner Byrne for his customary vigilance and also the French Minister for his presence today.	1
There are still some Papuan leaders under lock and key too.	0
The supervisor splashed the editor and yelled at him.	1
The construction worker gave the tax return to the accountant because he was the only qualified professional to handle the job.	1
The mechanic charged the auditor one hundred dollars and helped him fix the machine.	1
The salesperson tried to convince the designer that nobody would buy the design because they failed to pick good colors .	0
It 'd be great if we all got this completely wrong , and she 's sick of her BF starting arguments over who was more influential : Euclid or Pythagoras .	1
The mechanic charged the auditor one hundred dollars and helped them fix the machine .	0
Otherwise this whole fashion dream thing of theirs is out the window .	0
The developer traded services with the baker because they did not own a computer .	0
The cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques so he will one day be equal in skill.	1
I heard they went home early .	0
The laborer called the accountant because he had questions about his salary.	1
The nurse saw the construction worker get injured and examined her.	1
There was a mistake in the original analysis, and that has been corrected now, but I would like the delegate, Mr Morillon, to briefly comment on these two points.	1
The assistant purchased a new computer due to a recommendation from the salesperson, because he wanted to increase productivity.	1
I choked them with their own dick .	0
What is needed is a constitution which guarantees the rights of the citizens and the political parties and rules out abuse of power.	0
The mover missed the call from the assistant and called them back .	0
The assistant missed the call from the mover and called her back.	1
The baker saluted the cook and then offered them some help .	0
The carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant and asked them to pay .	0
The driver gave a free ride to the secretary because he wanted to repay a favor.	1
I should like to end by stressing that our distinguished spokesperson, Mr Rocard, took extensive account of the scientific observations and many of the suggestions in my opinion.	1
The farmer enjoyed silent moments with the hairdresser and constantly went to him.	1
As referred to by the rapporteur in his report, little progress has been made so far on the activities to replace the present VAT transitional regulation by a final regulation based on tax in the country of origin.	1
The carpenter built the attendant a desk to get their love .	0
Oh ok I always thought the Emperor killed them instantly , but makes sense that they would repent if chaos were driven from them .	0
The mover refused to obey the designer because they gave no evidence that the pedestal could support the artworks weight .	0
The nurse took care of the CEO and gave them some health suggestions .	0
The construction worker knew of the writer because she was constantly in the news.	1
The supervisor smiled at the housekeeper and asked him to prepare some tea.	1
The European Community will provide financial support for these elections to be held, and we will also cooperate by providing some one hundred observers.	0
The mover said thank you to the housekeeper because they are grateful .	0
And this is certainly not the fault of the work carried out by Mrs González Álvarez, who has endeavoured very successfully to improve the legislation under consideration, but is inherent in both the guidelines and parts of the proposal itself.	1
The designer called the farmer and asked her a few questions.	1
The receptionist showed the driver the way to the hall because they were new in that city .	0
The manager praised the cleaner and elected them to be the employee of the day .	0
The attendant brought some cookies to the manager and told her to choose one.	1
All investigations have, of course, revealed the distance between the European citizen and Brussels, and people themselves think they know too little about the EU.	0
The physician prescribed the drugs to the designer, because he was sick.	1
Madam President, I want to thank Commissioner Byrne for her customary vigilance and also the French Minister for her presence today.	1
The driver asked the writer to help with a poem because she had never written anything in her life.	1
We 're on their tracks !	0
The secretary contacted the driver and asked them for a ride home .	0
The developer traded services with the baker because she did not own a kitchen.	1
The CEO rejected the designer's proposal because he felt ignored.	1
The carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant because it is her birthday.	1
The housekeeper talked to the salesperson for a while and rejected her product.	1
The carpenter always ask the librarian for help because she can only recognize a few words.	1
He said she was to kind and he took advantage of that .	1
However, the fact remains that this issue falls within the remit of the United Nations Organisation and the Special Envoy of its Secretary-General, whose perseverance in this complex matter must be supported.	0
The construction worker hammered the nail for the attendant and then demanded they paid for it .	0
The manager asked for a new design from the tailor but she was too busy.	1
The analyst consulted with the librarian because they know a lot about books .	0
The janitor cleaned for the secretary and grew to admire them for their beauty .	0
The editor met the developer and asked them for clarifications .	0
The developer needed feedback from the cashier because she was going to be a user of the system.	1
I told her that we felt very very similar and that we could all band together to get Dan out .	1
They accepted to submit themselves to a Iong and hard treatment	0
Ah that makes sense but she puts half a teaspoon in because she likes the taste .	1
The carpenter helped the housekeeper to fix the window as he knew nothing about those tools.	1
The mechanic received a gift from the baker it was his way to express thanks.	1
Now that we have heard from the rapporteur, we shall have one speaker in support of the motion, and one against.	0
The supervisor demanded the librarian produce the book because he often stole.	1
Narvaez themselves was never seen again ,	0
Get them some spa day things that they can do at home ( face masks , body scrubs , bath bombs , etc ) , stock the house with their favorite snacks and foods , then take the kiddo out for an entire day so they can have an at-home spa day .	0
The devs don 't need to give him the time of day .	1
Ramona turned out to be , like , a ruthless shark , but she got hers .	1
Hurry up , he can 't be far	1
The CEO hired the editor because she fired the last one.	1
The writer likes to have a coffee with the developer and discussed with them .	0
On the one hand, there is the decision by the Israeli government to put the peace negotiations on hold due to the violence in the area and focus on the creation of a government of national unity with the leader of the opposition, Mr Sharon.	1
The farmer bought a book from the writer and paid him.	1
The supervisor made the nurse perform remedial study because they noticed poorly executed injections .	0
This is a matter which, strictly speaking, falls largely within the competence of my colleague, Mr Liikanen.	1
The lawyer declared the baker was a liar because their prices were too high .	0
I welcome this excellent report from my colleague Mrs Skinner.	1
The secretary told the carpenter to come back tomorrow because she forgot to bring some tools.	1
The librarian was unable to find the book for the developer and instead offered them a magazine .	0
The chief asked the editor to redo the documents because they were not satisfied .	0
The construction worker hammered the nail for the attendant and then demanded he paid for it.	1
The mover outran the hairdresser and laughed at them .	0
The carpenter had to hire the assistant because they were a friend of a friend .	0
We all know they are trying to get their cotton candy back .	0
The CEO went to the tailor because he was good at making fitted suits.	1
The manager asked for a new design from the tailor but she did not specify a due date.	1
The secretary asked the sheriff to move her car and accused her of carelessness.	1
The teacher showed the analyst the math exercise and was embarrassed by her.	1
The sheriff called the assistant and then gave him orders.	1
The receptionist reminded the cook to wear suits because he always forgets.	1
Yes , I normally leave an hour early than them and get back home one hour early as well .	0
The sheriff asked for a menu to the attendant and then asked him a question.	1
The mechanic called the nurse because he knew how to deal with broken legs.	1
It is extremely difficult, of course, both for me and for my fellow Members, to give a precise opinion on measures of such great significance in just two minutes.	0
Your brother is disturbed and your parents either knew or are too blind to get your brother the therapy they clearly need .	0
The mechanic is discussing with the teacher about the course she is offering next semester.	1
They often fall victim to acts of violence and some are forced into prostitution.	0
Their husband is a pastor and they had 20 + of heavy IBLP indoctrination hammed into the space between their ears .	0
The supervisor is talking to the teacher about the assignments because she has some concerns about overly familiar behavior with students.	1
But they already know the scale ...	0
The nurse was running from the laborer because they were very busy .	0
The salesperson chatted with the cleaner and persuaded them to buy a vacuum .	0
She , herself , would admit that her father did not believe her .	1
The cleaner dislikes the cook because she made the kitchen very dirty.	1
The CEO reminded the housekeeper to sweep up because they liked to tell people what to do .	0
The editor called the construction worker because he knew the whole story.	1
The cook is talking to the cashier as she put too much salt in one dish.	1
The CEO called the hairdresser and paid him over the phone.	1
Also, both the young and the renowned artist will suffer if the international trade moves outside the European borders due to European over-regulation.	0
The cook struck a friendship with the clerk because he cooked for one of the office parties.	1
I would have known a Iot faster that you led Mom to their death	0
Noticing that he destroyed his life and career driven by madness , and that his behave will make him loose prestige among friends and relatives , the new surgeon decides to pay for his actions and exiles himself .	1
Before falling asleep completely , the elder sat up and left a kiss on the younger 's lips , whispering " I love you " before returning to their position .	0
The secretary called the mover and asked her to come.	1
The main reason we did not vote against it is because its author set out a few good intentions.	0
Hurry up , they can 't be far	0
I have been entrusted with the task of acting as rapporteur where Estonia is concerned.	0
The janitor cleaned the librarian 's room and they were grateful .	0
The manager talked to the assistant and praised him for the hard work.	1
The housekeeper borrowed the wrench from the mechanic and then kissed her.	1
The manager talked to the tailor and then asked them to create a new design .	0
We support the report and the amendments tabled by the Group of the Greens, but we object totally to the amendments proposed by the Group of the European People's Party and European Democrats.	0
The CEO hired the editor because they fired the last one .	0
The salesperson talked to the auditor because he issued a warning to the sale department.	1
Reading their account , I think that they remained a Christian gentleman ,	0
I would like to thank the two rapporteurs, Mr Cashman and Mr Mann, for the excellent work they have done.	1
The analyst noticed the cleaner forgets to pick up papers and reminded them .	0
The salesperson asked the housekeeper that if she could meet with the house owner.	1
The laborer dug a hole for the assistant because he is weak.	1
The tailor is the lawyer 's good friend because they can make well-fitting suits .	0
It was fun in the beginning to see Bayek have this relationship to make them more relatable , as Evie and Jacob were quite shallow imo , but seeing them run off all the time and not seeming very devoted to poor Bayek is slightly disheartening .	0
The farmer kicked the assistant because he deserved it.	1
Finally, I would especially like to congratulate the delegate, Mr Poos, and to express my satisfaction at the success of accession negotiations with Cyprus, which have advanced further than with any other candidate country, with 16 chapters already dealt with, which doubtless augurs well for an auspicious final outcome.	1
I should like to begin by congratulating our colleague, the general rapporteur Jutta Haug, on the way in which he has done his job, which has contributed immensely to the constructive atmosphere in which our work has been carried out in committee and in Parliament in general.	1
The salesperson asked the housekeeper that if he could help to set up a meeting with the house owner.	1
OP is always " Should I have to give me hard earned money away " or " one time Dave accidentally took my unlabled , identical lunchbox from the fridge instead of theirs , so I never want to speak to them again .	0
When the mover arrived, the attendant lent his enormous truck.	1
The lawyer asked the secretary to prepare some documents because he needed them for the case.	1
It would be better still though, if the American President were not just to concentrate on reinforcing mutual cooperation, when she visits Hanoi, but if she were to make this very cooperation conditional on the extraction of firm promises from Vietnam to drastically improve the prevailing lamentable human rights situation.	1
Naturally we welcome the fact that junta leader Gueï failed in her scheme to legitimise her power through sham elections.	1
The librarian hid the book from the supervisor and told her to look somewhere else.	1
If Joshua lost Wilder would ' ve been in limbo on a app that they ain 't wanna be on 2 .	0
Some say they fell hopelessly in love with them .	0
It is important, too, to ensure that immigrant women are not exploited in terms of everything from poor wages to a lack of social security and outright oppression.	1
I represent some of those growers and I am thus very concerned indeed.	0
The assistant likes to help the laborer and so held the hammer for them .	0
The laborer told the baker that he needed a cake by tomorrow.	1
Finally, I would like to spend a moment on something which, normally speaking, I do not think belongs in a European Parliament, namely the role of a fellow countryman.	0
For them , the sun was god and every , day they worshipped their first appearance from the bitter Andean night ,	0
The manager asked the accountant for the books because they felt the work was wrong .	0
It 's nothing ; she just told you	1
The physician talked to the attendant about a patient on whom they performed an examination .	0
Moreover, the politicians must fulfil their responsibility for dealing with the human situations these difficulties have produced.	0
The salesperson saw the counselor and sold him some books.	1
The cook prepared a soup for the hairdresser and asked them for tips .	0
And they laugh and laughs .	0
The developer contacted the editor because she wanted help editing an article.	1
The sheriff told the auditor to leave right now as he may get hurt in this area.	1
The gap is clearly increasing between rich and poor, but unfortunately it is impossible to participate in these discussions since I am obliged to focus on the proposed programme and on the way in which we will cooperate to implement this programme at the European level.	0
He shot himself before someone else did	1
Leaders also confirmed the preparation of voluntary annual reports on the status of efforts to overcome barriers to trade as identified under the trade facilitation action plan.	0
The janitor talked to the auditor because they seemed to be looking for something in the broom room .	0
The CEO went to the tailor because he needed a new suit.	1
That 's him !	1
I also thank my colleague, Mr Cashman, for accepting my amendments on the action programme which will guarantee European money to cover the extra cost of disability.	1
The chief was worried for the auditor's safety and asked him to stop snooping.	1
But don 't think they didn 't love their sister	0
With their canonical stats , their only counter would be Lysithea with cavalry effective magic .	0
The mover offered the receptionist a hand and moved his desk.	1
The carpenter did not know what do when the auditor arrived and simply gave him all the paperwork.	1
They get to you don 't they ?	0
Maybe not the other way around wherein he 's seeing aliens because he 's predisposed to do so on account of his supposed craziness .	1
The CEO hired the editor because they are the best in the region .	0
The analyst argued with the designer, because she refused to redesign the work.	1
With him were the survivors from his island , his hometown friends and four of his brothers , as close-knit as a Mafia clan ,	1
As a previous speaker said, flourishing galleries and good systems of grants are important for young artists.	0
Caution suggests Maciste disguise himself as a good-hearted chap .	1
You believe she transmitted her powers , Iike she said ?	1
OH , AND THEN SHE LEFT YOU	1
Imagine the kind of guy who would butt into a conversation at a party because they overheard you make a loose reference to a video game they play--imagine how they smell , their acne , their loosely asperger 's-looking features--the way they would latch on to you because they have that one thing in common with you , and would desperately try to shift conversations to things they know about : muh bidio games , they are just a walking cringe factory .	0
My question to the Commissioner is therefore: what opportunities do Swedes with a gluten allergy have for finding bread with this additive even after permission for use has been withdrawn, and does the Commission intend to speed up the consultation in the Scientific Committee on Foodstuffs which will allow the matter to be taken up and the decision changed?	0
The secretary took down the farmer 's petition and then they submitted it to their superiors .	0
The hairdresser befriended the cook because he gave good tips after a haircut.	1
I am sorry that the Commissioner responsible for agriculture is not here and that he does not have the courage to face us and to explain that it is necessary to completely overhaul the common agricultural policy.	1
When the supervisor splashed the editor, she fought back.	1
It would be a good idea for Commissioner Patten, who has a great deal of experience, not to say wisdom, in managing international crises, to add to the visits which he has made to various regions of the Balkans by going to the headquarters of the Reconstruction Agency in Thessaloniki in order to see how this department works.	1
The janitor met the receptionist and got the key from him every day.	1
The driver picked up bread from the baker because she was employed as a delivery service.	1
He has chosen his words carefully in denouncing violations of men's dignity and in demanding action to achieve change.	1
Country rapporteurs are sometimes accused of being unpaid ambassadors of their candidate state and of being blinded by their love.	0
The recent spate of instances in which various Member States have failed to respect the most basic human rights when expelling immigrants is such as to warrant special attention for this issue from the Commission.	0
Breeders feed their livestock on products supplied by the industries, and a similar situation occurred in Belgium a few months ago with the matter of dioxins in chickens.	0
The cook had to hire the accountant so that he does not have to worry about finances.	1
The salesperson noticed the baker 's disgusting kitchen and told them to stop selling bread .	0
The driver offered a ride to the teacher but she refused the offer.	1
I am pleased that what is now before us affords citizens better protection than the existing directive on the principle of equal treatment, especially with regard to vocational training, employment and employment conditions.	0
She has chosen her words carefully in denouncing violations of women's dignity and in demanding action to achieve change.	1
The analyst offered to help the nurse and then did his taxes.	1
So my grandfather takes her by the shoulders and asks her :	1
AII they said was : " I have to talk to you "	0
We also pay tribute in particular to the minister, for her determination to ensure that, in a very brief period of time, we truly learn the lessons and make sure that they are applied to prevent a similar disaster occurring again.	1
The manager talked to the auditor and told him to stay late.	1
The driver needed the nurse to perform an examination and asked them .	0
Your brother is disturbed and your parents either knew or are too blind to get your brother the therapy he clearly needs .	1
The driver needed to transport the counselor and picked him up that morning.	1
The lawyer talked the auditor and told him to provide documentation.	1
What did she say ?	1
The chief noticed the hairdresser was acting strangely and interrogated him.	1
The laborer handed the secretary a hammer because they thought tools are good presents .	0
My now mother-in-law told me something similar early on when I was first dating my husband , and honestly , it only made me think less of * them * , not of * them * , and my now husband was pretty pissed off when I told them .	0
The developer was rude to the secretary because they were universally hated .	0
The laborer asked the clerk for a favor but secretly hated them .	0
The tailor saw the mechanic and explained her the price.	1
The control system from very early in the Evas ' development. and tested it with themselves as the experimentee .	0
The CEO got goods from the cashier and then paid him.	1
I ' m glad they can recognize bad behavior in Michie , but this is a definite shortcoming of theirs .	0
A mom on a strip pole with a tray of cookies in their hand Also maybe a sign above that show ' s their working at ‘ Mom ' s Strip-Club ' I need it for a .	0
The accountant called the chief and thank them for the offer .	0
Mike bugged me a little at first but seeing them develop and becoming better as the season progressed made up for it at least for me .	0
The guard appreciated getting treatment from the nurse because they did a good job .	0
The janitor cleaned the room for the designer and ask him for tips.	1
The lawyer hired the assistant because he needed help with many pending cases.	1
The laborer managed to convince the clerk to give up because he was weaker.	1
The chief asked the cleaner to leave immediately after he finished cleaning.	1
This has been largely due to the excellent work of the European Parliament and its representative, Mr Blokland.	1
The developer argued with the designer because their idea cannot be implemented .	0
Call them a leader all you like .	0
It seems like she would have been better prepared to do this if they 'd discussed it thoroughly , but didn 't he kind of talk around " the plan " during the last episode .	1
The supervisor told the cleaner the good news that they were going to raise the salary .	0
OK , I got them Go call an ambulance , quick !	0
Consequently, all political prisoners in Serbia must be freed.	0
All I could think when I watch the debate was how tight his face was and if it hurt .	1
The manager told the clerk to report to work early because he is abusive.	1
The laborer told the teacher that he was also a teacher when younger.	1
The manager fired the cleaner because they were angry .	0
The CEO ignored the nurse's suggestions and asked him to leave.	1
The mechanic hired the assistant and gave them an orientation .	0
The cook respects the baker because they know how to recognize a good baker .	0
We think our friends on the Left and the Greens are asking too much in this regard.	0
The carpenter admired the receptionist and made them a chair .	0
But to clinch his route , we needed to find his mountain of iron ,	1
The analyst was angry at the clerk as they did not provide any useful information .	0
I hope that, at the start of the ministerial meeting of the intergovernmental conference, someone will have the backbone to do so in order to pressurise the others into making a move.	0
The baker was afraid of the analyst 's report and dreaded talking to them .	0
The chief asked the editor to redo the documents because she was not satisfied.	1
The counselor owed the carpenter some money and worked very hard to pay her debt.	1
The physician wrote a letter to the writer because he was a fan of one of the writer's books.	1
Mr President, I wish to begin by congratulating my colleague, Mr Langen, on his excellent report which, as he says, was carried through the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy, unanimously.	1
The hairdresser called the carpenter and then asked them for help .	0
Like 'bandito 's ' literaly attacking a tøp fan account and telling them to kill themselves because they didnt agree .	0
The supervisor made the nurse perform remedial study because he was bad at doing injections.	1
I found one cousin who seemed more accurate , then he started spending more time around MIL and seems to have been affected by her lies .	1
The physician told the nurse that they can go back home .	0
If they had been a republican , I 'm pretty sure it wouldn 't have been an issue .	0
Mr Lipietz, for instance, is too fine an economist not to realise that economics is just another form of political science.	1
The carpenter built the attendant a desk to prove their love .	0
I am not contributing to their netflix view count .	0
The designer gave the guard a hat and then stole her gun.	1
The laborer was surprised that the auditor appeared because she said everything was fine.	1
I share the concerns and opinions that the spokesperson, Mr Rühle, mentioned this afternoon regarding the sections on research and social measures.	1
Finally, I should like to extend my warmest thanks to the House, to all of my colleagues, to all the collaborators and also to the President.	0
The developer was rude to the secretary because she was in a bad mood.	1
May I also warn against granting migrant women work permits for domestic work.	1
Of course we all hope, and that includes the Greek MEPs here, that this dispute will soon be settled.	0
I don 't know if Sandor Weltmann themselves is the puppeteer .	0
The tailor talked with the supervisor and was impressed by her hard work.	1
Did my lord acquit themselves well in the House today ?	0
The hairdresser shouted at the driver because they felt offended .	0
But there 's no happy ending to their story ,	0
The supervisor complained the hairdresser's hair was too long because she was shallow.	1
The salesperson talked to the receptionist and convinced him to buy the insurance.	1
The CEO helped the nurse because she needed help.	1
The lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier, but he may have been falsely accused.	1
The manager noticed the teacher performing well and gave him a raise.	1
The cleaner waited for the chief and talked to her about the missed payment.	1
The mechanic greeted the receptionist and gave them an apple .	0
The lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier, because he needed to understand the case.	1
As in any relationship between friends it is natural that there are occasional disputes, but we should not get these out of proportion.	0
The mechanic fixed the problem for the editor and he charged a thousand dollars.	1
But Konrad didn 't shy away from his destiny .	1
Fast forward two years , and he reveals he felt the exact same way about me .	1
And naturally , I gave it back to him with a heel hold !	1
I happened to be there together with 200 other election observers from 52 countries.	0
That comes to one and a half euros for every poor European.	0
The worst thing is that they blame themselves .	0
The manager fired the cleaner because he is too lazy.	1
The laborer raced against the hairdresser because he thought it would be easy.	1
In the meantime, the president of the association was last week visited in his classroom by the anti-terrorist police to check if he was planning any violent demonstration.	1
I would like to start by congratulating the draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, Mr Mantovani, on the substantial amendments he tabled to the Commission communication.	1
As Vice-President of our joint parliamentary committee with the Czech Republic, I can vouch for the fact that this is true of the Czech Republic, but I assume the same applies to a number of other States too.	0
The librarian was unable to find the book for the developer and instead offered her a magazine.	1
The mover rebuked the auditor because he had clearly made a mistake.	1
The chief told the counselor that he took the day off.	1
The supervisor complained the hairdresser's hair was too long because he was shallow.	1
And I would humbly like to advise my Spanish Socialist compatriots to be guided by the general interest.	0
I stood in front of the prison in Tunis on 9 April and watched hundreds of policemen breaking up a demonstration of solidarity organised by democrats.	0
The construction worker waved the housekeeper into the room to ask him a question.	1
That 's them !	0
Looks like she defended herself .	1
The manager answered a phone call from the writer and asked him not to call again.	1
The carpenter had to hire the assistant because he had many new customers.	1
However , it is completely understandable that your girlfriend also wants you to accompany them to an event like a wedding , especially their sister 's wedding which is probably extremely important to them .	0
The attendant was patient with the janitor and listened to her story.	1
The physician examined the accountant in detail and told him there was nothing to worry about.	1
The editor met the developer and asked her for clarifications.	1
The receptionist welcomed the lawyer and gave them a candy .	0
The construction worker offered to build the tailor a house and then hugged them .	0
The counselor helped the laborer because he is a very kind person.	1
The receptionist was tired of getting bad reports from the analyst and told them to leave .	0
The writer sold a book to the chief and ask them to pay .	0
The physician prescribed the medicine to the designer and asked him to follow the instruction.	1
The President of the Commission himself has repeatedly assured us that transparency in the administration of European affairs is an absolute priority.	1
The sheriff complained to the designer because they did not like the logo .	0
The sheriff opened the door for the housekeeper and waited for him to pass by.	1
He wants his scoop He won 't talk	1
The man with the car spent 23k on a whim without discussing it with their wife .	0
She needs her father	1
That 's right , I am his ex	1
The assistant asked the mechanic a few questions and thank her for the help.	1
The salesperson talked to the teacher and invited him to dinner.	1
The carpenter likes to work with the designer because she can save a lot of time.	1
And you are a misogynist for thinking they should get rid of it .	0
As the European institutions acquire ever more power over citizens, it is also important to place limits upon this influence.	0
The developer dropped by the nurse and discussed with him about the surgery.	1
The mechanic got angry with the accountant and complained to the boss about him.	1
The teacher performed well for the manager and asked her for a raise.	1
The tailor offered the laborer a new suit and charged her nothing.	1
The sheriff talked to the clerk because they needed help with some paperwork .	0
Nobody cares about caring about not caring about him canceling his subscription dude. the last performance didn 't sound like him ( and I have his first two CDs ) .	1
Obviously not, and as someone involved with associations for social change, because I too, like many of you, have some thirty years of involvement with these associations behind me, I know how hard the social movement, the feminist movement and the intellectual movement, naturally, have worked to move this issue forward, and today we take our places in roles of responsibility in our institutions.	0
This figure falls far short of the number of inspectors needed to implement the measures we are proposing in ports.	0
Your President is invited, of course.	0
The developer talked to the cashier and then invited him to a cup of coffee.	1
The writer interviewed the manager because he is very successful.	1
The auditor examined the finance report by the mechanic and helped them identify a few errors .	0
The construction worker felt sorry for the receptionist because their carelessness led to the injury .	0
The manager told the clerk to report to work early because he is lazy.	1
Yeah tell that to the 50 thousand people that watched him play , he practically blew up sea of thieves .	1
Mobility for all, including nationals of third countries legally resident in Union territory and students and teachers acting independently, outside the Socrates and Leonardo programmes, is one of the fundamental values of the Union which we must uphold so that the candidate countries know exactly what kind of Union they will be joining.	0
The laborer called the accountant because she made a mistake with the salaries.	1
I should like to congratulate the representative, Mrs Liese, on her report and thank her for her efforts to reach a compromise.	1
The librarian noticed the guard and greeted them .	0
The assistant hired the driver as he did not have the license yet.	1
I would like to thank you all again most warmly for your excellent teamwork.	0
The carpenter created a beautiful chair for the receptionist because she asked.	1
The CEO gave the cashier cash because she wanted to pay for her goods.	1
Tell him to blow the lunch box bomb by himself .	1
The mechanic asked for the attendant because they were the only one who could help .	0
The salesperson sold some books to the librarian because they wanted to learn .	0
Madam President, I am sure that the rapporteur, Mrs Rocard, means well, but to me she resembles a woman tiptoeing along a tightrope.	1
In any event, if any Commissioner wishes to make any comment at this point, he has the floor.	0
I should also like to thank my fellow members, Mr Pronk and Mr Karas, for their valuable contribution to the final report.	1
The janitor does not like the baker because they always mess up the kitchen .	0
The CEO raised the salary of the receptionist and offered him a paid holiday.	1
The physician argued with the receptionist as he made so many mistakes.	1
The laborer kicked the cashier and refused to apologize to him.	1
The manager fired the cleaner because she was angry.	1
The guard protected the teacher because he was cowardly.	1
The guard protected the assistant because it is his responsibility.	1
She unburdened herself from her sorrow and shame with good old Garramuño .	1
The mechanic fixed the problem for the editor and he is grateful.	1
The driver brought the designer some ideas which improved his design a lot.	1
Men are forced into temporary work, they are far more exposed to insecure jobs and unemployment, and on average they are paid 30% less.	1
The chief was unable to help the clerk and then cried for them .	0
The designer called the janitor and asked them to clean the room .	0
The hairdresser shouted at the driver because she crashed the car.	1
Down near the bottom of the page , they find some trees .	0
A note- There may be some embarrassment here on their part if you were out in public , so their reaction could have been heightened .	0
The carpenter helped the housekeeper fix the window quickly as she was experienced.	1
Quite a number of speakers have made the same point this morning and I wholeheartedly agree with them.	0
The laborer kicked the cashier and refused to apologize to them .	0
The clerk asked the mover to help carry the desk and thanked her.	1
The construction worker asked the nurse for an examination because she was the best.	1
The sheriff questioned the cashier because he was told the money was missing.	1
The driver transported the counselor to the hospital because she asked.	1
The physician went to see the writer and asked him how to write good books.	1
We endorse the attention which the delegate, Mr Montfort, is paying, rightly so, to small and medium-sized businesses, and micro-enterprises, as well as to granting priority support to startups.	1
The physician prescribed the drugs to the designer, because she thought the disease could be cured.	1
Oh ok I always thought the Emperor killed him instantly , but makes sense that he would repent if chaos were driven from him .	1
What it found is beyond dispute: the elected assemblies have been kept out of the ASEM process, even though businessmen were systematically involved.	0
And even if he weren 't you could just close your eyes and think of the Carreyes house .	1
The cook prepared a soup for the housekeeper because they were testing a new dish .	0
The sheriff questioned the cashier because they were told the money was missing .	0
If it turns out that they didn 't have <<unk>> in their name , then a lot of this speculation gets blown out of the water .	0
The laborer wanted to take the attendant 's job because they were not qualified .	0
Our own Prime Minister, Mrs Tony Blair, and her Foreign Secretary, Mrs Cook may deny that a superstate is on its way, but when I hear proposals for our own police forces to be trained in a European approach to crime fighting and internal security, it is obvious that the writing is on the wall.	1
The writer never met the construction worker and did not want to meet her.	1
This is a very sensitive subject because, as my colleagues have already pointed out to the Commission and Council, a lot of hindrances are put in the way of students, lecturers, people undergoing training and volunteers with regard to mobility within the Community.	0
The physician prescribed the drugs to the designer , because they were sick .	0
In the Pilot Rose mentions that it sounded familiar and then was asked where she was from and she mentioned Bronx .	1
The accountant never liked the supervisor and liked her less after being yelled at.	1
The CEO liked the hairdresser because they were willing to provide after-hour appointments .	0
The chief thanked the housekeeper and gave him some tips.	1
The farmer visited the clerk so that they can ask about a farming license .	0
We 'II catch them Marcoux	0
The physician examined the baker and prescribed a drug for him.	1
The sheriff told the auditor to leave right now as she is investigating the house.	1
The chief asked the editor to redo the documents because he made significant errors.	1
Then , an amateur blames the world , but a professional takes time in reflecting on herself / himself .	1
The cook prepares some food for the writer every day because she is very good at that.	1
I just want them to come back blanche	0
This kinda shit should oust politicians from office immediately especially when it ' s a blatant lie shot down by the subject of the lie at hand Sorry I mean this should oust trump because they are not politician .	0
Oh , brain , i think they like you .	0
I am speaking today on behalf of our Co-President, Mrs Hautala, who is unable to be here this evening.	1
The honest truth is that he probably wasn ' t really that into you .	1
Biron , they kissed me , right here !	0
The secretary met with the lawyer and reminded her to check the email.	1
The construction worker waved the housekeeper into the room to get her answers.	1
The guard is telling the tailor what design she wants.	1
I am pleased to be able to make my two-minute contribution to this hotch potch of a discussion, which, given the time of day, and I intend to spend one of my allotted minutes on making this criticism, certainly underlines how little regard we have for the importance of the issue.	0
But they pushed their army on further into the nightmare ,	0
The carpenter built the attendant a desk to get her love.	1
The physician wrote a letter to the writer because they were a fan of one of the writer 's books .	0
The laborer forced the housekeeper out of the house to keep him safe.	1
The MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece voted against this text, which is both useless and dangerous.	0
The tailor finished the suit for the sheriff and called her.	1
The tailor is the lawyer 's good friend because they need well-fitting suits .	0
My uncle just got released after a DUI and ended up paying over 10K for his stay .	1
The analyst asked the counselor about their hourly rate .	0
And the nub of his argument was this - that the conquests in the New World were wrong and had to be stopped , that the only way was peaceful conversion through love and kindness .	1
The mechanic called the editor and told them to get the car back .	0
It is difficult to understand why the Liberals want to do away with tax on e-commerce and to place a tax on the aviation fuel used in aircraft.	0
As regards men, since men are participants in history, they must now become players in the peace process.	1
In that same tweet where they went hard about the stoppage being early for example they also ranted about Usman faking an eyepoke ( the video footage shows 100 % clearly that there was nothing fake about it ) and that an eye poke they recieved was ignored ( again the video footage shows 100 % clearly that they were not ) .	0
We also pay tribute in particular to the minister, for his determination to ensure that, in a very brief period of time, we truly learn the lessons and make sure that they are applied to prevent a similar disaster occurring again.	1
The mechanic helped the writer to fix the engine and they offered some books to show thanks .	0
The physician admonished the cleaner because she was not using protective gear during work.	1
The auditor was not lenient with the CEO and admonished her harshly.	1
When she hears that , my great-aunt is overtaken by vertigo and starts shouting : " Stop !	1
When the winter comes, the farmer visited the librarian frequently because her work required less attention.	1
In 1980, the UNHCR looked after five million refugees.	0
... and if she has no money to buy herself free ! ...	1
The assistant purchased a new computer due to a recommendation from the salesperson, because she wanted to increase productivity.	1
I would like, in particular, to thank Mrs Van den Burg, a Dutch Social Democrat who worked particularly hard on Article 25.	1
The High Commissioner has always fought for the protection and welfare of refugees and displaced persons.	0
She tells me she ' s happy with her body but i notice how insecure she gets eating around A.	1
It sucks she isn ' t as fun and pure and fiery as Bernie. and with that money she bought the new house .	1
It ' s literally a lot of the time because she ' s a female , and she ' s young .	1
Id love to eat her up .	1
The mechanic fixed the housekeeper 's car and then they wrote a thankful note .	0
The guard never talked with the accountant because she never patrolled the interior.	1
The auditor bought the guard a gift and wish them had a nice holiday .	0
The clerk made eye contact with the lawyer and smiled at her.	1
I would very much like to thank the Commissioner for his comments on the legal basis.	1
It goes without saying that citizens must, in any event, be fully informed.	0
Slap up side the head in front of his mates would make him think twice about fucking up again .	1
The driver shouted at the hairdresser and asked him to get out of the car.	1
The salesperson disliked the attendant because they failed to sell the insurance .	0
We need to prevent producers falling victim to the cyclical variation of the market.	0
Mr President, I would like to thank the Commissioner for his input in this debate and for his sound plans.	1
The supervisor yelled at the cashier because they liked to pick on their employees .	0
I would like to state that I am in complete agreement with what the chairman said just now.	0
The Commissioner, when she replied to my report last month, seemed to get her geographical situations slightly mixed up: she did not know whether she was going to Scotland, Ireland or Northern Ireland.	1
The salesperson greeted the clerk and then winked at him.	1
The analyst consulted with the librarian because they needed to find a book .	0
The sheriff criticized the teacher because they criticized everyone not working at the station .	0
While my DF has made remarkable strides from what seemed like them being a trained dog with them just six months ago , they felt like there was something we needed to do .	0
The sheriff protected the writer because he is under attack.	1
Just like that she die	1
However, many politicians in the EU seem more concerned with developing the Union still further and with raising standards.	0
The mover told the teacher that she needed to make space for the sofa.	1
The CEO liked the bread from the baker and bought from him regularly.	1
God should make themselves plain or leave me alone .	0
The chief thanked the nurse because they were properly looked after in the hospital .	0
Thomas lost their wife	0
This partnership will have no future unless it has the benefit of close cooperation with the representatives of the citizens concerned, the associations, the NGOs, the trade unions and civil society as a whole.	0
Who would they replace .	0
Ok if they are even questioning whether or not they want to be with you dump them immediately .	0
One of my professors did this too , except his wife published the book as well .	1
The achievement of the colleagues whom I named just now and others has been outstanding here.	0
The librarian helped the CEO to find the book because it is his job.	1
We set out to follow in his footsteps ,	1
She can 't help herself .	1
The construction worker admires the cashier a lot because his salary is higher.	1
The cleaner called the guard and asked them to open the door .	0
I believe you should send Mr Laurent Gbagbo, the winner of the elections, a message of solidarity and support from the European Parliament.	1
( they 'll do the details themselves , they are an artist ) And got me a few plushies and collectibles .	0
The laborer kicked the cashier because she said something bad.	1
The mover moved the desk for the cleaner because he constantly does favors for people.	1
The carpenter stopped the tailor from entering the workspace and talked to him.	1
The guard saved the editor from the protestors and drove him home.	1
The chief hired the receptionist and bought him a new phone for work.	1
The manager asked the accountant for the books because he felt the work was wrong.	1
The developer contacted the editor because he needed additional clarifications in order to edit the book.	1
Bit pricey , but it ' s all about how they will adapt .	0
The accountant ignored the guard and never talked to her.	1
The supervisor gave the housekeeper a ride because she lives far away.	1
I just want to know if she saw whoever hurt blanche	1
The lawyer thanked the nurse for their meticulous concern .	0
Within the single market investors, be they private, corporate or pension funds, should be able to exercise the rights of ownership to the benefit of the companies in which they invest and for those investors in them.	0
The analyst consulted with the librarian because he needed to find a book.	1
The second case involves a Greek student, Mikis Mantakas, killed around 25 years ago in Rome, following a terrorist attack carried out by the Red Brigades.	0
The farmer knows the editor because they like the book .	0
The farmer gave the housekeeper an apple and wished him a good day.	1
The governor has proven that we can expect no better of her.	1
The sheriff questioned the housekeeper as she needed to find out the thief.	1
In addition, there are political gaps in the Charter such as the fact that it does not tackle the issue of political refugees.	0
Our own Prime Minister, Mr Tony Blair, and his Foreign Secretary, Mr Cook may deny that a superstate is on its way, but when I hear proposals for our own police forces to be trained in a European approach to crime fighting and internal security, it is obvious that the writing is on the wall.	1
The guard protected the assistant because they were threatened .	0
The Polish men were very grateful to us for making it clear that the report most definitely did not reflect their views.	1
The farmer asked the designer what he was working on.	1
The assistant hired the driver as they did not have the license yet .	0
The receptionist stole the pen from the guard and tricked them .	0
The ruler of this land was said to be so rich that he covered himself in gold dust every , day and washed it off each evening ,	1
Pierre was at blanche 's house the night she died	1
The CEO called the teacher to talk about their son 's performance .	0
The construction worker offered to build the tailor a house and then hugged him.	1
AII she said was : " I have to talk to you "	1
Tatis blew up almost immediately afterwords and I ' m convinced the padres saw something in them the Sox did not.	0
It would be to the credit of the acting President-in-Office of the Council if she were to set things right in her own country too.	1
I am also glad to see that our continental Liberal friends are giving the lead to British Liberals.	0
For the Portuguese Socialists, the Cohesion Fund is a mainstay of the economic and social cohesion policy, which was launched by the Single European Act and substantially strengthened by the Maastricht Treaty.	0
In any case, I would not trust our own ministers to raise the matter there.	0
The auditor came to the physician complaining about sores and got an exam from them .	0
My delegation of Labour MEPs cannot accept, therefore, the changes in Article 9 to allow company boards the right to defensive measures to frustrate takeovers without getting approval by the executives.	0
The designer hated the CEO and ignored them .	0
The carpenter created a beautiful chair for the receptionist because they were in love .	0
ît 's her heart you betrayed	1
The receptionist hated the laborer and sabotaged them .	0
The sheriff told the cleaner that she needed to search the building.	1
The lawyer asked the teacher some questions on his misconduct.	1
The cook tried to avoid seeing the auditor because they knew the problems in the kitchen were easy to find .	0
It is clear that many weapons find themselves in the wrong hands because of the activity of arms brokers.	0
The amendments tabled by the representative, Mr Jové Peres, therefore deserve our support, since they seek to correct the unacceptable views held by the Commission.	1
The janitor cleaned the librarian's room and she was grateful.	1
The janitor reprimanded the accountant because she had to pay a fee due to an accounting mistake.	1
I told them that we felt very very similar and that we could all band together to get Dan out .	0
The thief ; that 's Poitras , who rigged his fight	1
As a Social Democrat, there are three points I would like to highlight.	0
It 's been three days since they disappeared	0
The chief told the counselor that she could have the day off.	1
He can 't leave his wife like this	1
The guard never talked with the accountant because they were always busy on the computer .	0
That 's why blanche gave him the book	1
The physician owed the cashier money because he did not pay the vodka.	1
Would have been better if they gave them old Panth ' s “ auto-CRIT while the enemy is 25 % health ” .	0
At the end of the day , keeping them lean and fit will be the best thing you can do for their joints , dysplastic hips or not .	0
The cook tried to trick the auditor and showed him a different kitchen.	1
The mechanic looked down on the cashier because he had a bad breath.	1
Like the rapporteur, I too welcome the Helsinki Council agreement not to make a solution to the division of the island a pre-condition for accession.	0
Guess the commission thought they should have stopped it aswell .	0
The sheriff asked the accountant many questions because he is a suspicious man.	1
The farmer asked the designer what they were working on .	0
The salesperson knows very little about the teacher since they did not visit the school .	0
The lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier and helped them to win the case .	0
I wish to conclude by thanking Mrs Gayssot, President of the Transport Council of Ministers, for her encouraging comments.	1
Firstly I would like to thank all the speakers for their comments.	0
Being exhausted from work, the analyst called the counselor and ranted to him.	1
The lawyer asked the secretary to prepare some documents and they promised to finish it in three hours .	0
I heard it from the director themselves .	0
The candidates really must be helped to come up to the level of the acquis communautaire.	0
Mr President, I should like to extend my special thanks both to the delegate, Mr Van Lancker, and the French Presidency for the excellent cooperation which we have enjoyed to date.	1
The salesperson tried to fool the writer and sold them some garbage .	0
The janitor cleaned for the writer and handed them a note .	0
maybe they won 't say anything at all	0
The assistant notified the the chief about a problem and asked her to take action.	1
The laborer envied the receptionist and sabotaged them .	0
The construction worker asked the hairdresser to cut their nails before anything else .	0
The driver transported the housekeeper to the job because he was beautiful.	1
The mechanic charged the auditor one hundred dollars although she only had eighty dollars.	1
Oh yeah , they are going down .	0
The mechanic gave the clerk a present because it was his birthday.	1
The construction worker coordinated with the designer so that he can explain better the design.	1
In the hope of seeing the final line taken by the spokesperson endorsed and declaring my support for him regarding the amendments which are to be put to the vote in plenary, I trust that this directive will rapidly continue through the procedures towards the confirmation of the Union's undertaking.	1
The chief interrogated the hairdresser because they noticed a clue at the salon .	0
The construction worker hired the cleaner so he can focus only on the construction work.	1
The counselor accused the mover because they destroyed some important documents .	0
The sheriff suspected the hairdresser was the murderer but they claimed to be innocent .	0
When it comes to student and teacher mobility, experience shows that the real problems of mobility are not found so much in the area of educational administration, but with the social, tax and immigration authorities.	0
You cannot pretty this up , because they were clear and unapolegitc about it .	0
But I promise I 'll make sure she stays focused on school .	1
The mover bought a beer for the cashier because he just got the paycheck.	1
The laborer was referred to the designer because they were the best .	0
The chief gave the housekeeper a tip because he was helpful.	1
The carpenter complemented the baker for the bread they made .	0
As our esteemed Mr Chairman mentioned, a series of high-profile ship disasters, particularly involving oil tankers, has hit our continent in the recent past.	1
No one in the Council of which you are the Chairman should be tempted to accuse of us of moving too slowly; we demand some minimums and everyone will understand that.	0
The sheriff talked to the clerk because he could provide help with some paperwork.	1
Mr President, I would first of all like to thank our representative and welcome the initiative he has taken to engage in dialogue with the Council and the Commission immediately following this first reading in order to work towards ensuring that better consideration is given to the amendments desired by Parliament.	1
Unfortunately, a majority of my colleagues did not agree with me and therefore we could not go along with it.	0
I was a teacher for 16 years and now, as an MEP, I have spent a lot of time in schools, colleges, and at conferences arguing for just this sort of action.	0
The construction worker never trusted the baker because he trusted nobody.	1
I trust the Commissioner will promise that he will exercise extra vigilance.	1
The analyst walked to the cashier because he needed to make a deposit.	1
The tailor stopped the guard and showed her identification.	1
We must contact the Commissioner, Mr Nielson, urging him to go to Chechnya in the near future.	1
The farmer needed to take a test from the counselor to prove they were sane .	0
The physician hired the secretary because they were highly recommended .	0
I would just like to thank the delegate for his constructive contribution and for his willingness to take on board the recommendations from other Committees.	1
The physician examined the auditor for sores because they were thorough .	0
Senior officials must ensure that merit is rewarded and that all vacant posts, even the most senior ones, should be published in the Official Journal and on the Internet.	0
The mechanic learned a lot from the teacher and sent him a thankful card.	1
The current Prime Minister, Mugur Isarescu, is himself on secondment from the Central Bank and therefore has excellent relationships with the international financial institutions.	1
The writer interviewed the manager because they are very successful .	0
The young student Béchir Habid has been on hunger strike since 18 October.	0
The mover hired the accountant because she is well recommended.	1
That ' s what they find out in matrix 4 and Neo is reborn because he is a simulation god effectively .	1
But make sure your daughter stays on our side until Biron has their accident	0
The laborer dug a hole for the assistant because they are weak .	0
Madam President, I join the general congratulations to Mrs González Álvarez who has been a sympathetic and inclusive spokesperson.	1
The guard stopped the tailor and asked for his identification.	1
The lawyer refused to help the editor as they were too busy .	0
The baker is afraid of the sheriff because they did something wrong .	0
The librarian reminded the mover how important the books were and they needed to make sure none were left .	0
The guard never talked with the accountant because she was always busy on the computer.	1
The designer argued with the analyst and splashed her.	1
0n their deathbed , aged 78 , they addressed to the King a remarkable confession ,	0
The accountant asked the manager for help and hoping that she would.	1
Let us not merely adopt these rights but make them real in the hearts and in the experience of our citizens and let us make them part of our law.	0
The supervisor showed dissatisfaction with the receptionist because they are very strict at work .	0
But his men now have had enough of his promises .	1
to become the other , doesn 't he ?	1
The guard hates the hairdresser because her haircut got ruined.	1
I fear she is a woman of great beauty .	1
They felt ancient and alien between his fingers , and he reveled in the sensation – gaining precious distance from the reality of the techno-clinic around him .	1
Commissioner Byrne did not say very much today, as he was widely trailed to have done, about testing.	1
You 're acting just like your father and you always said they were a dumb-ass	0
The laborer owed the tailor because she was too poor to pay the bill.	1
The one artist we were able to contact who would have benefited was not interested and said it would all be too complex to help him or his family.	1
The guard competed with the attendant for the same job despite the fact that they were more qualified .	0
Children are the first victims of violence on television.	0
The guard saved the editor from the criminals because he needed help.	1
The mechanic hates the hairdresser after he finished the ugly haircut.	1
Credit should go to the rapporteur, in the first instance, and the support he has received in committee.	1
The salesperson thanked the nurse because they were taken care of properly .	0
The construction worker hired the cleaner so she can focus on the cleaning work.	1
The nurse helped to send the mover to the hospital and kept comforting her.	1
The laborer was surprised that the auditor appeared because he said everything was fine.	1
Impatient citizens complain that the wheels of European bureaucracy turn infinitely slowly.	0
The driver asked the nurse for an examination because he was extremely experienced.	1
The chief encouraged the writer because he wrote a good book.	1
I meant his draft stock will fall costing him millions. v = nqwq6tX9bgw His suit is burned off on the gauntlet arm and all the skin is black before the snap. com / 2019 / 10 / 16 / thats-me-metro-sanitation-worker-shocked-to-see-his-simple-kind-act-viewed-by-thousands / .	1
The construction worker knew of the writer because they read books .	0
The intransigence of the European Union, led by the French Minister for the Environment, Mr Voynet, stood in the way of a potential agreement.	1
And this one led to the camp of the Inca himself at the town of Cajamarca ,	1
The hairdresser approached the chief and asked her for mercy.	1
The developer recognized the receptionist and asked him where the lobby was.	1
Yeah , I could definitely see them being an alternative support option to Nio , especially if you 're running a Sword team and / or have sufficient DATA sources .	0
And she didn 't write the thirteenth chapter of any book	1
The salesperson contacted the tailor because they promised to fix a suit .	0
Taking advantage of the fact that the Commissioner responsible for the internal market, Mr Bolkestein, is here, I would like to point out that a few years ago the European Parliament began its first inquiry, which was to investigate fraud in the transport of goods.	1
The leaders will also deal with the fight against cross-border crime, especially in the light of the recent Dover tragedy.	0
The chief demanded an apology from the teacher because he spanked a child.	1
All I could think when I watch the debate was how tight their face was and if it hurt .	0
The laborer handed the application to the editor because they wanted the job .	0
The cook had to hire the accountant so that she does not have to worry about finances.	1
The salesperson talked to the auditor because she issued a warning to the sale department.	1
Several speakers have criticised the fact that the Commission failed to address certain problems.	0
You don 't get to just separate their entire public persona and go " well , that doesn 't count " because you like their podcasts .	0
Address by Mrs Kostunica, President of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia	1
If anyone is capable of saving blanche 's soul , they are	0
When all is said and done, Mr Pacheco Pereira was performing a political activity and cannot therefore be considered responsible for any crime.	1
The sheriff gave the secretary no more chances and arrested them .	0
The laborer always used the assistant for help and handed them a hammer .	0
The manager likes the designer 's product and they agreed to make a purchase .	0
To ditch, as someone has proposed, all this work and with it the opportunity to send a positive message to the citizens is, of course, a valid proposal, but at least let us have the courage to do it in the name of an explicit political reason and not hide behind formal homage to the Treaty.	0
The supervisor invited the designer to the party because he made big contributions.	1
The laborer told the baker that he should not use eggs in the cake.	1
When the supervisor splashed the editor, he fought back.	1
The cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques so they will one day be equal in skill .	0
This way he can get his rightful demerits .	1
The designer wanted to help the lawyer but she refused.	1
The farmer knows the editor because she likes the book.	1
But make sure your daughter stays on our side until Biron has his accident	1
He 's extending his stay again !	1
The auditor bought the guard a gift because he is effective.	1
The developer asked the clerk to prepare the paperwork because she normally does an excellent job.	1
However, the institutions that are about to commit the solemn act of signing up to the Charter must not just leave it to the lawyers to deal with.	0
I also wish to thank the deputy, Mr Haug, for his excellent work in preparing the draft budget.	1
The manager fired the baker because he was upset.	1
The supervisor was impressed by the tailor because she is easily impressed.	1
The mechanic greets the receptionist because they were standing in front of the door .	0
Matches theirs .	0
Why does he want to us to know that ?	1
The lawyer saw the editor in the restaurant and greeted him.	1
The developer visited the hairdresser and congratulated them for opening a new salon .	0
Ten years ago, a military coup pushed the elected President, Mr Aung San Suu Kyi, out of office, dissolved parliament, and subsequently applied policies of extreme terror.	1
I would like to take this opportunity to extend a greeting to the pensioners and elderly people of Estonia, in the hope that we will look after their interests once they join the European Union.	0
The mover helped the writer to pack up otherwise she needed to wait for another two hours.	1
The supervisor had a quarrel with the attendant and decided to fire him.	1
It is women and girls who, in addition, are exposed to special forms of atrocity.	1
It is regrettable that despite all the efforts made by rapporteur Maaten, we must conclude that no one is really happy with the developments that now characterise this report.	0
The CEO bought the accountant a car because they needed one .	0
As our esteemed Mrs Chairman mentioned, a series of high-profile ship disasters, particularly involving oil tankers, has hit our continent in the recent past.	1
AFTER HIM , PINKY !	1
The Danish Social Democrats have today voted against the proposal for a common market arrangement for bananas.	0
It 's my word , against theirs .	0
The analyst consulted with the librarian because he knows a lot about books.	1
The laborer handed the application to the editor because they requested formal paperwork .	0
It 's likely they went after younger girls hoping they would look at them as a " cool older guy " and be less likely to reject them .	0
If I ' m with him , I have to be touching him in some way , even if I just fling my legs over his on the sofa and he strokes my leg .	1
The chief returned a book to the librarian but they complained of being late .	0
The carpenter wanted to thank the baker and made a chair for him.	1
The developer argued with the designer because they did not like the design .	0
The manager asked the accountant for help and then wrote them a recommendation .	0
The developer corrected the secretary because he better understood the problem.	1
The developer had a meeting with the teacher so he could provide feedback on a new software for taking class attendance.	1
Top star , Kang Hyun Min is visiting here himself !	1
He is not as mentally sharp as he was when he debated Ryan .	1
The farmer demanded more bread from the baker because she was hungry.	1
He pissed himself !	1
The manager fired the librarian because she found a better candidate.	1
The physician prescribed the drugs to the designer , because they thought the disease could be cured .	0
The driver offered a ride to the teacher but he refused the offer.	1
The mechanic told the hairdresser that she made a nice haircut.	1
We think that these projects will help men gain self-confidence in their role.	1
They did what they did	0
Simultaneously with building the confidence of our citizens in our state institutions, we have to persuade them to trust the European institutions that, in nearly fifty years of their existence, have brought to their citizens lasting peace and prosperity.	0
The supervisor provided the writer with new tools but they did not appreciate it .	0
Mondoux has tried to contact him but he couldn 't get a hold of him	1
The nurse talked to the janitor for a while and gave her a Christmas present.	1
The writer wrote a book about the carpenter because he was moved by the story.	1
The librarian reminded the mover how important the books were and they promised to be careful .	0
I was willing to wait for her but her parents wanted to marry off Suzanne first , her older sister	1
The man with the car spent 23k on a whim without discussing it with his wife .	1
The mover missed the call from the assistant because they tried to schedule the moving .	0
The driver gave a ride to the cleaner so that they could show up at work on time .	0
The sheriff suspected the hairdresser was the murderer but they had no proof .	0
The farmer needed to take a test from the counselor to appease to her.	1
The editor stopped the janitor and showed her newspapers every day.	1
They simply don ' t care that he is guilty .	1
I barely spoke to them and I got the impression that they were trying to pass me off .	0
We have also addressed the issue of minorities, because the integration of these minorities, including their linguistic integration, in these countries, is also of significance.	0
The driver gave a free ride to the secretary because they wanted to repay a favor .	0
My husband and I don ' t judge them for it and don ' t push them beyond their comfort zone . "	0
Why would he lie ?	1
Although the deputy attended the meeting of the Committee on Budgets yesterday, he failed to draw lessons from the credit transfers which were being discussed.	1
Lysithea is a Golden Dear unit though you could recruit them for Black Eagles .	0
The farmer offered apples to the housekeeper, because she had too many of them.	1
The housekeeper always forgot to sweep until the CEO said so and appreciated their comments .	0
Why can " t God make himself plain ?	1
The janitor sends the editor sorted newspapers every day because he asked for that.	1
No opportunity is given to such prisoners to choose their own lawyer.	0
The janitor talked to the nurse for a while and gave him a Christmas present.	1
Mr President, first I, too, would like to congratulate our colleague, Mr Elisabeth Montfort, on the quality of his report on the multiannual programme for enterprise and entrepreneurship for 2001-2005.	1
The cleaner called the guard because he is the only one who can enter the room.	1
The chief praised the accountant and offered him a promotion.	1
I want out , but we live together and I haven 't found a way to make a breakup permanent despite telling them several times over the past 3 months that I do not want to be with them .	0
Those cheaper options are generally much more inferior than her and require a ton of investment at a higher ressoyrce and time cost comparef to MT2 Rachel afteronly a handful of DR wins .	1
I have never been convinced by the argument put forward by France that the whole-herd slaughter policy was the right way to tackle outbreaks of BSE in their country.	0
And I am not saying this merely because my daughter has recently graduated as a fully-fledged lawyer.	1
Make him come back , I beg of you !	1
The mover missed the call from the assistant because she was busy.	1
The supervisor criticized the attendant because they made some mistakes .	0
Also, we cannot demand that European citizens properly implement their environmental policy and not apply this to other countries.	0
The secretary texted the cook what they needed to prepare for the boss .	0
The cashier complained about something to the chief but she was not listening.	1
The developer was not recognized by the receptionist because she was not wearing suits.	1
The teacher and the janitor were chatting about his disorderly students.	1
French workers have no more had the chance to say what they think about the Charter of Fundamental Rights than the people of Lithuania have about joining the Union.	0
The mover helped the writer to pack up because he had so many things in the room.	1
The CEO was worried about a visit from the auditor because he was known to be strict.	1
I pointed out the reservations which delegate Tobin himself expressed, in the final analysis, regarding his own instrument, particularly in terms of revenue.	1
The physician talked to the attendant about a patient who he had no contact with yet.	1
The construction worker knew of the writer because he read books.	1
Like any of the hundreds in his office Great !	1
The auditor asked the construction worker some questions because they wanted to know the progress .	0
But his capacities did not come up to his dreams ,	1
Why didn 't their powers get passed on ?	0
Mr Van Grieken just robbed them from their right of sharing something temporarily , and made it permanent .	0
The carpenter taught the craft to the assistant and did not let him to get distracted.	1
The driver was annoyed with the assistant and asked him to never come back.	1
The secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker because she was under a contract to build a house.	1
During lunch, the janitor looked for the attendant to steal his food.	1
The laborer always used the assistant for help and handed him a hammer.	1
The cleaner hated the developer and refused to clean her room.	1
The developer visited the hairdresser because he opened a new salon.	1
The cook is talking to the cashier as they put too much salt in one dish .	0
The mechanic asked for the attendant because he was the only one who could help.	1
The clerk told to the carpenter and asked her to make a desk.	1
The lawyer offered a free legal advice to the attendant, which he was in dire need of.	1
The housekeeper smiled at the supervisor and handed her a cup of tea.	1
The physician told the baker that he tried the best.	1
The salesperson demanded money from the cashier because they are gullible .	0
The mechanic told the hairdresser that she needs a fancy haircut.	1
The CEO asked the clerk to produce a report to satisfy their concerns .	0
I am going to explain to you the factors which Mr Lienemann would have liked to have presented to you himself if he had not been detained by other work.	1
I 'd be so happy she is , and encourage her to find hung alphas .	1
The physician examined the librarian for eye problems because they read too much .	0
The nurse examined the farmer for injuries because he was screaming.	1
And now Terje Vigen 's himself again . 	1
The salesperson sold some books to the librarian because she wanted to learn.	1
The salesperson chatted with the cleaner because he wanted to sell the car.	1
I would like the Minister to comment on this point, if he can.	1
The supervisor demanded the librarian produce the book because he was suspicious.	1
The cleaner is mad at the cook because he spends a lot of time cleaning the kitchen.	1
The last straw was the season finale Duncan got hurt he had a chance to earn his spot back and he put in a lazy and uninspired performance like he had his foot out the door turns out he did. that 's on his bumper .	1
But their capacities did not come up to their dreams ,	0
The physician argued with the receptionist as their luggage was missing .	0
The chief employed the receptionist because they were too busy to answer those phone calls .	0
The physician told the baker that he had cancer.	1
The sheriff asked the nurse to go together because she needs help to deal with the accident.	1
As for further declaratory political action, I am always prepared to consider the case for that.	0
The carpenter made a desk for the clerk because he needed one.	1
The farmer visited the clerk so that she can approve a farming license.	1
The driver begged the writer to help and offered to pay him.	1
But to clinch their route , we needed to find their mountain of iron ,	0
The physician owed the cashier money because he paid for the vodka.	1
The carpenter created a beautiful chair for the receptionist because he asked.	1
I watched my sisters keep on Netflix the other day ( because I ' m an idiot and apparently wanted to cry for hours ) and I think she says it best when she says “ the only people who plan for babies are the people having trouble having them ” .	1
The nurse carefully examined the guard and issued her a prognosis.	1
The salesperson tried to persuade the hairdresser to buy something and she succeeded.	1
Their TLJ video was the only one I 've ever seen where they said " I can 't rate it I need to think about it more " .	0
We need to make use of all the information possibilities that Commissioner Verheugen spoke of in her very reflective and elegant speech today.	1
The supervisor told the cleaner the good news that his salary was going to be raised.	1
The chief explained the situation to the teacher and felt understood by him.	1
We have become used to the practice, as the previous speaker just said.	0
The manager agreed to raise the assistant's salary because she worked very hard.	1
But even those are reflected in the fact that over their 5 year run Rossi had a higher win percentage .	0
They pulled their hands away to increase their leverage , hoping to please them more with a full effort focused on their insides , though they tried to repress the truth all mating incurred : their gripping , yet so slick folds begged for their seed , and their baser organs were working hard on giving them that as soon as they could . “ what a time to be alive that we get to see a woman conquer the world with their art ” Caroline ' s brand of liberal Girl Power / Boss Babe “ feminism ” is so annoying .	0
The supervisor is talking to the teacher about the assignments because he has some concerns about overly familiar behavior with students.	1
I wish Commissioner Wallström all the best with his work, but I want to conclude with a question: Does he really believe that it makes sense to implement an aggressive climate strategy without a common energy policy?	1
The sheriff saluted the clerk and wished him a good day.	1
Mr President, a few days ago, in Bari, the capital of the region of Puglia, which is one of the most important regions of Italy, the President of the Regional Council, Mr Raffaele Fitto, who was a Member of this Parliament until June last year, was attacked and beaten up.	1
The secretary watched the janitor clean and grew to admire them for their beauty .	0
Pensioners are in favour of strengthening criminal law, European law especially, as well as national law, for I am afraid that crimes are no longer committed solely by our citizens but by people of other nationalities as well.	0
A copy of her brain	1
The cook is talking to the cashier as he overcharged a customer.	1
The CEO liked the hairdresser because he was willing to provide after-hour appointments.	1
The auditor caught the developer cheating because she discovered the key documents.	1
The construction worker stared at the teacher because they entered the construction zone .	0
President Clinton would do well to raise this matter during her present visit to Hanoi.	1
The sheriff asked the secretary to close the window because she was cold.	1
The driver picked up bread from the baker because they were too frail .	0
The auditor bought the guard a gift because they are thankful .	0
The janitor stopped the nurse because he was not wearing the nurse uniform.	1
The driver offered a ride to the teacher and picked him up on time.	1
The mover hired the accountant because they wanted to balance their finances .	0
I would also like to thank Commissioner Byrne for his cooperation.	1
The sheriff called the assistant and then gave them orders .	0
The salesperson paid the tailor and thanked him for a job well done.	1
If I had not been given information by Mr Langenhagen, who is an expert in shipbuilding and shipping safety, I would not now know what I was supposed to be voting on.	1
Commissioner Byrne, we are highly satisfied.	0
The cleaner was mean to the driver and forgot to thank her for the ride.	1
The analyst awkwardly ran into the attendant who kept raising her voice with customers.	1
The janitor swept up the tailor 's mess because they were told to do so .	0
It doesn 't mean it 's their rational mind wanting it .	0
The cook met the clerk and asked him for assistance on paperwork.	1
The CEO went to the tailor because she needed a new suit.	1
The lawyer needed the librarian to find a book because they know how the library is organized .	0
The counselor disliked the supervisor and wanted to leave her group.	1
We will, over the coming weeks, have to take account of the results of the dialogue between the two political leaders, or of the absence of such a dialogue.	0
We must do it before they leave	0
The physician wanted to meet with the counselor and ask him how to deal with the medical accident.	1
Stop , they can 't take it anymore !	0
Frankly , I think they need to hear it .	0
That regulation will only work if both parents are nationals of an EU country or are resident within the European Union and if their relationship was confirmed by a legal marriage.	0
Like any of the hundreds in their office Great !	0
The rapporteur, Mrs Maaten, has, with good reason, proposed reinforcing that legal basis with a reference to another article, Article 133 on external trade, and furthermore has proposed a series of amendments to some of the articles with the aim of preventing this directive being challenged on the basis of the case-law established by the judgment of the Court of Justice.	1
The janitor stopped the editor and showed him how to clean the floor.	1
The salesperson smiled at the nurse and thanked him for buying the insurance.	1
The former Commissioner, Mrs MacSharry, justified this criminal silence by claiming that the beef sector must not be put at risk.	1
The manager told the clerk to report to work early because she is abusive.	1
The attendant recognized the developer because he reads a lot of technical news.	1
The guard complimented the designer for meeting her expectations.	1
The housekeeper stopped the carpenter and helped her.	1
The laborer called the nurse and asked them to help .	0
Josef presents himself to Quaker .	1
The construction worker met the designer and asked him many questions about the design.	1
It surprises me that rapporteur Rocard, whom as I recall, was the leader of a leftwing socialist party in the dim and distant past is now delighted about the development of an internal market for private health care.	0
The writer asked the mover to move everything to the new apartment and paid her.	1
When the winter comes , the farmer visited the librarian frequently because of their hot chocolate .	0
He was Health Minister for your country when Mr Barón Crespo was President.	1
The guard competed with the attendant for the same job despite the fact that he was more qualified.	1
The editor greeted the farmer and asked her for the time.	1
Sedative With a dose like that , he could sleep for two days	1
I also agree to highlight the importance of NGOs as well as of regional and local actors as you suggest, and of better reflecting their experience on the ground.	0
The lawyer talked with the counselor because he needed to gather additional evidence for the case.	1
The chief encouraged the writer and brought his book.	1
Hurry up and find him a room He paid for this hospital	1
I welcome this report by my colleague, Neena Gill.	0
The carpenter showed the nurse the injury and told him what happened.	1
The designer discussed with the manager for a long time but still refused to sell the idea to her.	1
If she says yes , good job .	1
The driver needed the nurse to perform an examination and asked him.	1
The assistant laughed at the janitor because he told a funny joke.	1
The carpenter showed the nurse the injury and told them what happened .	0
The construction worker gave the tax return to the accountant because they didn 't know what to do .	0
The analyst informed the baker the store is worthless because his calculations were definitive.	1
I 'd suggest condoms for the next 7 days and skipping the placebos / break since she needs 21 pills in a row correctly to be protected continuously .	1
The supervisor insulted the assistant and then fired them .	0
There 's got to be a clue on his body to lead us to Stef	1
The accountant talked to the mover and then offered them some help .	0
The chief returned a book to the librarian but they had damaged the book .	0
My colleague, Mrs Bösch, has already briefly presented here the amendments to the report she tabled.	1
The carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant because it is his birthday.	1
The librarian gave some books to the salesperson and asked her to read.	1
The sheriff asked the nurse to go together because they can help to take care of the victims .	0
The cleaner chatted with the salesperson and asked her to deliver a vacuum.	1
They have punched Thanos and been punched and choke slammed by them .	0
I am totally opposed to anyone at all threatening an invited Minister, even a Turkish one.	0
The guard noticed the librarian and greeted him.	1
The chief gave the housekeeper a tip because she was satisfied.	1
The manager meets the counselor regularly and asks him for suggestions.	1
The farmer visited the clerk so that he can approve a farming license.	1
The attendant served the analyst and made her feel welcomed.	1
You believe they transmitted their powers , Iike they said ?	0
The analyst asked the cleaner to pick up papers because she always forgot.	1
The carpenter hired the cleaner because her house was a mess.	1
The farmer called the designer and asked him to design a website.	1
The assistant asked the mechanic a few questions and thank them for the help .	0
The cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques so she will one day be equal in skill.	1
The carpenter came to the tailor because she wanted a new suit.	1
They were always a work horse with the touch of a donkey , but you have to admire how much they have grown since they have joined Spurs .	0
The designer hated the CEO and ignored her.	1
Mr President, I should like to thank Mr Oostlander for his sterling contribution as delegate.	1
He ... himself ... and none other ...	1
The sheriff asked the receptionist the way to the toilet because she knew.	1
They might be a good guy but they 'II take all the credit because they can 't afford not to	0
The mechanic yelled at the accountant because she gets angry easily.	1
They made it so obvious with their ridiculous behaviour like falsely accusing me of stealing for no reason and basically when they fired me saying my help is not the help they needed .	0
The assistant was fired by the supervisor and called them a jerk .	0
And even in their day , they were accused of fantasising ,	0
In the end , when it was clearly all hopeless , he threw his weapons down , stuffed his mouth with earth , scourged his face and threw himself off the rocks in fulfilment of his vow that he would die rather than give in to the Spanish .	1
The laborer talked to the cleaner and complained that his salary was too low.	1
The editor called the mechanic and told them to read the latest newspaper .	0
The salesperson hated the accountant because they never bought anything .	0
The chief waited for the cleaner and asked him for a better service.	1
I conclude by congratulating the deputy, Mr Dary, on the excellent job he has done.	1
We 'II miss them eh ?	0
The developer refused to take a book from the librarian because he liked the internet better than books.	1
I bet Ola would love to go to the mountain farm himself tonight .	1
The physician told the baker that they had cancer .	0
The lawyer represented the writer because she was in serious legal trouble.	1
The analyst goes to the tailor because everyone knows that they make the best clothes .	0
The mover called the secretary and asked them to come .	0
The farmer saw the baker had a lot of bread and asked him to share.	1
The physician wanted to meet the counselor because he had some questions about his responsibility in the medical accident.	1
The physician contacted the editor because she was interested in publishing in a medical journal.	1
I voted for him but I 've been a little lukewarm on him .	1
Yes , I can well imagine the games help him to escape , but he is escaping from his family .	1
The cook had to hire the accountant so that he can provide help with financial matters.	1
The manager spoke with the hairdresser and offered them a new job .	0
The developer asked the clerk to prepare the paperwork because she did not know how the system works.	1
The CEO ordered the cleaner out of the room because they wanted privacy .	0
The construction worker felt sorry for the receptionist because he got injured.	1
Does he routinely sign things he doesn 't believe .	1
The worst thing is that he blames himself .	1
The sheriff borrowed a book from the librarian but never returned anything to him.	1
They posted their story to find out whether they are TA or not and about 4 people are here questioning them about this .	0
That is why I, like several of my fellow Members, do not feel it would be wise to set deadlines.	0
The accountant contacted the lawyer because he is an expert in handling this kind of case.	1
I join with the honourable Member in expressing my admiration of the NLD.	0
The developer was rude to the secretary and tripped him.	1
Fast forward two years , and they reveal they felt the exact same way about me .	0
The construction worker coordinated with the designer so that she can explain better the design.	1
The farmer demanded the auditor leave the farm because she was trespassing.	1
The CEO rejected the designer's proposal because he did a bad job.	1
I have a friend in China , Beijing actually , they say its better than where we are from ( LA Area ) , people are more friendly , less sketchy people in general .	0
I get that they are in a difficult place right now , but I worry about their approach to their job search .	0
The cleaner got mad at the farmer because they brought lots of dirt .	0
The laborer forced the housekeeper out of the house to stop bothering him.	1
The cashier bought a beer for the mover and thank her for the help.	1
It can help resolve the problem of the controlled return of refugees and the repatriation of colonists, and can make a considerable contribution to the development of the northern part of Cyprus, after reunification and after the withdrawal of the Turkish army.	0
These women, mostly from Korea, were raped and duped into becoming sexual slaves during the Second World War by Japan, which does not want to acknowledge this crime.	1
I am pleased to report the Standing Veterinary Committee responsible for seeds held a number of meetings in June, July and September on this particular issue with a view to reaching an interim agreement between Member States as to how to deal with this kind of situation, pending the enactment of the legislation that I referred to.	0
The supervisor insulted the assistant and then fired him.	1
Did you find them ?	0
The janitor cleaned the room for the designer and he left the room.	1
The lawyer left the documents with the clerk but they lost them .	0
The driver asked the writer to help with a poem because he had published many of his poems.	1
If he knew I slept with practically everything in a uniform in Great Bear	1
The laborer wanted to take the attendant's job because she was tired of manual labor.	1
The CEO is discussing with the writer about how he would like the story to be written.	1
Fitch paints with every sentence , and their poetic language aligns with the tragic beauty of their characters .	0
Did you hear that they fired Sally ?	0
The mechanic hired the assistant because she needed help.	1
And he is god damn right .	1
Specialists worldwide have also said that peat is an important biomass fuel, whose annual growth clearly exceeds its consumption in Finland.	0
He reported to his boss the following .	1
The chief asked the cleaner to leave immediately after her office was clean.	1
I fully agree with the comments made by our colleague Joan Colom on the revision of the financial perspective.	0
The guard was a big fan of the writer because they loved romantic novels .	0
The construction worker smiled at the auditor and handed him some water.	1
I would like to thank the delegate, Almeida Garrett, for his contribution in this important matter.	1
The physician saw the auditor and examined him for sores.	1
Mr President, on a final note, I would very much like to thank the deputy for his worthwhile contribution to this topic.	1
It is significant that the Commission, through the Commissioner, Mrs Wallström, has this morning confirmed its priority commitment to a modern maritime safety policy, and the declaration made by the Council is also important, but this declaration is binding in respect of the effort that must be made to bring this matter to a definitive close by the end of December.	1
Why would a killer bring his victim back in her own house ?	1
The clerk freely offered to help the developer with paperwork and they accepted .	0
You all are so obsessed with causing them to MELTDOWN .	0
I would like to see more rigour here, so that we can really tell the European public that their money is being properly administered.	0
The mechanic received a gift from the baker it was their way to express thanks .	0
She deliberately set up to be the most aggressive and divisive she could be when she became leader , so that she could try to establish the Lib Dems as the remain vote .	1
But time waits for no man: one day the young people will become old people as well; the young researchers will also grow old and, it is to be hoped, pensioners.	0
The driver offered a ride to the teacher but he had an accident on the way.	1
In his report, my colleague, Mr Evans, thanks the Commissioner, Mr Monti, for having got to grips with the issue of State aid policy.	1
Wanted me to bring my dog , then wanted me to get rid of them ( I think because they didn 't enjoy the party Mondays ) .	0
The CEO helped the nurse because he needed help.	1
The auditor tried to warn the laborer but instead confused her.	1
As rapporteur I find that intolerable and I would therefore ask the Commissioner what the European Union can do with respect to the Wahid government in order to prevent further bloodshed.	0
First , she doesn 't expect her daughter to eat until after 7PM ( assuming the class is an hour ) , didn 't emphasize to her 9 year old to avoid peanuts , and didn 't tell you or your wife about her allergy , and now she 's mad at you for almost killing her child. and Brendan Urie being irrelevant 😂 i really wish she chose a better collaborator .	1
The lawyer liked talking to the attendant and asked him to come back tomorrow.	1
Mr President, I join the general congratulations to Mr González Álvarez who has been a sympathetic and inclusive spokesperson.	1
They must have really loved their GiIbert	0
The baker never wanted the driver's help and beat her with a baguette.	1
The chief complained to the cashier about her poor performance.	1
The developer tried to convince the housekeeper to buy their software .	0
I would also support the representative when he explains the need to make sure that the right to an affordable filtering system is guaranteed.	1
We should recognise that he is being a very reasonable rapporteur and that he is seeking consensus.	1
Its caribsea liferock , it already comes like this with some people stating it reduces algae growth , it just has a week since set up in my tank and another 2 weeks since put in my neighbours tank to get bacteria from his tank , and some of his sump 's life rock for mine , and kickstarting with aquavitro seed bacteria like in the brs video , and a pair of normal clownfish , ammonia and nitrites at 0 , nitrates are stable in the 10ppm range and doing waterchanges of 25 % once a day while tank matures a bit more in like 2 months , currently testing twice a day once in the morning after waking up and after coming from work .	1
Unless you 've dropped her utilization or made another change I wouldn 't be surprised if the score hasn 't gone up .	1
The designer showed the cook a blueprint and asked her for feedback.	1
The construction worker said sorry to the librarian because she made some noise.	1
The guard appreciated getting treatment from the nurse because they felt very sick .	0
The driver took the editor on a ride because he wanted to see the city.	1
The construction worker asked the attendant to not lose her focus.	1
I ' ve never been a fan of theirs but today it was easy to dislike them .	0
Her husband is a pastor and she had 20 + of heavy IBLP indoctrination hammed into the space between her ears .	1
The manager was friendly with the editor so that they receive good publicity .	0
The CEO asked the clerk to produce a report to satisfy her concerns.	1
The CEO bought the accountant a car and gave him the key.	1
First , you disrespect my mother 's body , and now , her granddaughter	1
The mover met the editor and asked him about the magazine business.	1
We have met President Prodi and have seen that he has personally taken on the development of the White Paper in accordance with many of the recommendations that have been received year after year from the Court over which Mr Karlsson so ably presides.	1
Do you think he 's African .	1
The physician told the nurse that he can go back home.	1
The cashier never paid attention to the guard and asked her to go away.	1
The editor forgot the salesperson 's name because they meet so many people every day .	0
The mechanic received a gift from the baker because she helped with repairing the oven.	1
The farmer complained to the cashier because he treated people disrespectfully.	1
The guard appreciated getting treatment from the nurse because she did a good job.	1
The janitor cleaned the room for the designer and she left the room.	1
I met the guy in high school ( they were dating a girl I was friends with at the time ) my junior year , their senior year .	0
The teacher greeted the laborer and started a conversation with her.	1
The analyst argued with the designer and splashed him.	1
The chief praised the accountant and offered them a promotion .	0
The carpenter borrowed the tool from the cashier but returned nothing to him.	1
The supervisor helped the writer and then asked him to return the favor.	1
The salesperson told the baker to stop selling bread because he was ruining the brand.	1
The manager demanded to be seen by the nurse because she was feeling ill.	1
I might just remind the Commission of the wise words of the Chairperson of the CDU himself, Angela Merkel, who said that in politics we need more sociability, but sociability is not the same thing as socialism.	1
The sheriff told the auditor to leave right now as she may get hurt in this area.	1
Was apparently so bad I straight up can 't remember almost anything about them or their class .	0
The mover said thank you to the housekeeper and give them a hug .	0
The baker tried to hide the mold in the kitchen from the salesperson but instead made them angry .	0
The sheriff asked the accountant many questions because he was suspected of stealing the money.	1
The tailor gave the farmer a sweater and asked her to put it on.	1
Then there is the question of including specialist breeders in the proposed system, as stated in proposed Amendments Nos 7 and 13.	0
The attendant blamed the driver because she blamed everyone.	1
Aren 't they a little biased ?	0
The lawyer yelled at the hairdresser because they did a bad job .	0
The physician wrote a letter to the writer because she was a famous person.	1
The nurse offered to help the analyst and then provided them a pillow .	0
The analyst chatted with the editor and wanted to collaborate with him.	1
The laborer dug a hole for the secretary and demanded them to pay .	0
The housekeeper gave the farmer an apple and wished them a good day .	0
I understand and I welcome the minister's efforts to expedite these two reports as quickly as possible and I therefore consider that, in principle, his proposal to discuss the matter, if possible in December, is a positive one.	1
Mrs Martinez took part in the first one, and right here I have, if my fellow Member would care to consult it, her minority opinion, which was expressed in writing at the time of the Böge committee.	1
The janitor reprimanded the accountant because she got less allowance.	1
The laborer reached the auditor for an inspection but offended him instead.	1
The teacher called the lawyer to tell her the performance of the kid.	1
The cleaner stopped the supervisor and told her not to walk on that way.	1
The auditor came to the physician complaining about sores and got an exam from her.	1
The chief hired the designer because she could design a new logo.	1
All their life Johannes Gutter has devoted themselves to our just cause !	0
Let us give him the political responsibility to do the job.	1
The supervisor provided the writer with new tools but he did not appreciate it.	1
They are calling themselves jolene parker .	0
The supervisor asked the assistant to get her agreement.	1
The first 2 weeks are tough , even communication on the field is kind of challenging because their teeth and jaws will have some trouble adjusting .	0
The supervisor noticed the hairdresser 's long hair and told them to get a haircut .	0
The guard cared about the teacher and so protected them .	0
The laborer forced the housekeeper out of the house to keep them safe .	0
Being made to look like how he was .	1
The driver took the editor on a ride because she wanted to see the city.	1
May I thank the rapporteur again for his excellent report, which provides a great deal of useful guidance on how to develop our policy in this extremely important area.	1
The assistant purchased a new computer due to a recommendation by the salesperson, because she is persuasive.	1
The attendant blamed the driver because he blamed everyone.	1
The nurse sent the carpenter to the hospital because of his health.	1
The cook asked the designer if they like the new dish .	0
The guard checked the counselor's identity because it is his work.	1
I think she ' d feel more comfortable up there , and I moshed enough back in my teenage years .	1
Under normal circumstances , the Crown could fall , Christ could rise , and a gentleman would still find himself well met at the door of Margaret Wells , but today , we are closed .	1
What do you do if they shoot them in the middle of the street ?	0
The cleaner got mad at the farmer because she brought lots of dirt.	1
The mechanic helped the writer to fix the engine and he got some books in return.	1
The chief hired the assistant because they needed help with paperwork .	0
If it was just a few times I could get it but saying things like this consistently is going to make them feel really bad even if it is a joke .	0
Nonetheless, it does not substantiate the EU's claim to be a union of peoples and their citizens.	0
The laborer greeted the teacher and started a conversation with them .	0
This girl will marry a sailor herself , likely .	1
Luzardo If he can stay healthy I see some future awards for him .	1
The carpenter owed the counselor some money and he had to do more work to pay the debt.	1
The CEO gave the cashier cash because she wanted to get her money.	1
The analyst loved to get a haircut from the hairdresser because they would offer snacks .	0
The sheriff told the cleaner that she was requested to answer some questions.	1
Georges , Iet them go	0
Finally, I would like to commend the Commissioner, Mr Byrne, for his efforts in trying to secure an agreement on how best to move forward on regulating a vast structure for e-commerce transactions now and for the future.	1
As a member of the Delegation to the EU-Cyprus Joint Parliamentary Committee, I am pleased to have this opportunity to express my opinion on the progress Cyprus has made in the negotiations for accession to the European Union.	0
No one knows who the candidates are, since they are identified by secret codes rather than by their names.	0
The developer corrected the secretary because she better understood the problem.	1
The carpenter admires the work of the hairdresser because they are the best .	0
The baker yelled at the mover because she broke the stove.	1
The sheriff complained to the designer because they did not meet expectations .	0
The accountant asked the laborer to join the meeting but she forgot.	1
Mondoux has tried to contact them but they couldn 't get a hold of them	0
The driver gave the housekeeper a car and told him where to go.	1
The cook struck a friendship with the clerk because they rated the restaurant favorably .	0
According to the co-rapporteur, Mr Duff, this is a major step towards improving the quality of European integration.	1
The counselor warned the developer that he would charge people who break the rules.	1
I don 't know if Sandor Weltmann himself is the puppeteer .	1
I am sad, indeed, to see the ranks of British Conservatives have lined up against the idea of making the institutions of the Union answerable to breaches of the rights of the citizens of the Union.	0
But he pushed his army on further into the nightmare ,	1
I meant their draft stock will fall costing them millions. v = nqwq6tX9bgw Their suit is burned off on the gauntlet arm and all the skin is black before the snap. com / 2019 / 10 / 16 / thats-me-metro-sanitation-worker-shocked-to-see-his-simple-kind-act-viewed-by-thousands / .	0
The manager meets the counselor every week because he wants to make sure everything follows the law.	1
The chief was unable to help the clerk and then cried for him.	1
The lawyer asked the teacher some questions as they prepared for the trial .	0
The physician talked to the attendant about a patient who she had no contact with yet.	1
The housekeeper showed the janitor the direction because he has been there for twenty years.	1
The auditor called the janitor and asked her to clean up the hall.	1
Indeed, scientists and climatologists are increasingly less worried about hiding their fears in relation to the consequences of greenhouse gas emissions, and even the general public is starting to become aware of them.	0
The janitor was good friends with the cleaner because he liked everyone.	1
The cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques because she likes to teach others.	1
The mover missed the call from the assistant because he tried to schedule the moving.	1
The carpenter told the baker they do not want cheese in the bread .	0
First , you disrespect my mother 's body , and now , their granddaughter	0
The cook prepared a soup for the housekeeper because he helped to clean the room.	1
The lawyer told the auditor to provide documentation because she needed to present proof in court.	1
When the supervisor splashed the editor , they got in trouble .	0
They used to live with their parents , but due to a falling out they kicked them out , they spend a few nights with one of their friends .	0
The supervisor made the nurse perform remedial study because they were bad at doing injections .	0
Yuki making a study guide for her makeup exam , Momiji covering her shift at work for her , Hatori providing care , Kisa staying by Tohru ' s bedside with her .	1
The lawyer met with the secretary and asked him to prepare the documents.	1
The janitor laughed at the assistant and treated him bad.	1
I have seen the people lining up in front of their tent .	0
The janitor fell in love with the secretary because he was always attracted to nice hands.	1
The manager fired the cleaner because she is too lazy.	1
Pensioners and elderly people fall victim to criminal acts more frequently than anyone else. Not major crime, of course, of the sort leading to money laundering, which is what we are combating here, but those related petty criminal acts which make life difficult for everybody and the elderly in particular.	0
The Minister said that MBM was a low-cost foodstuff.	0
The baker packed the cake for the sheriff and waited for her to pay.	1
I would look a little deeper and figure out if he ' s actually a bum mooching off of his parents , who is now trying to bum off of you forever .	1
The writer tried to fool the salesperson and told them a fake story .	0
Tens of thousands of political prisoners have been released.	0
The lawyer needed the librarian to find a book because they do not know how a library works .	0
The physician owed the cashier money and refused to pay them back .	0
That means if they go , I will give them a kong with a treat inside while they stay in there .	0
The cleaner met the physician and asked her about medical care.	1
Some say she fell hopelessly in love with him .	1
So he decides to build boats to escape .	1
I think that this is a positive message that the President-in-Office of the Council must include in her speech, because we still have time to include the Charter in Article 6 of the Treaties.	1
Then some celebrity died her hair red and 10 kids in my high school had bright red hair . > Nyahko is generally not credible , as she has a supposed Vic story of her own , but she can 't remember the name of the con , the location , or the year , claiming a traumatic brain-injury from a few months later .	1
The farmer needed to take a test from the counselor to prove she was sane.	1
People who advocate their stance make me physically ill .	0
I once again thank the President-in-Office of the Council for what he had to say and for the very great determination that he expressed.	1
The analyst asked the secretary to book a flight because he knows how to do it.	1
The salesperson tried to fool the writer and sold him some garbage.	1
The mechanic fixed the housekeeper's car and then he issued a receipt.	1
The teacher greeted the laborer and started a conversation with them .	0
The analyst met the attendant and thanked him for the service.	1
The guard admired the secretary because her job was so safe.	1
The manager fired the baker and asked them to leave .	0
In this letter, Mrs Hautala made mention of our support and sympathy for the efforts undertaken by the President, Mrs Fontaine, to set up negotiations on our own Statute.	1
It would seem that those responsible for the demonstration in the Foreign Affairs Committee may have connections with a Turkish terrorist group.	0
Furthermore, as experience in France shows, the main beneficiaries are the heirs of dead, rich painters, not poor, living ones.	0
The counselor advised the janitor and provided her with useful resources.	1
The developer visited the hairdresser and congratulated him for opening a new salon.	1
The carpenter collaborated with the designer and gave him a prototype.	1
Does anyone wish to speak against the proposal?	0
The developer was rude to the secretary because they were in a bad mood .	0
The CEO was worried about a visit from the auditor because she failed to submit some paperwork on time.	1
BIanche 's didn 't tape their meetings with people	0
The attendant blamed the driver because they blamed everyone .	0
The salesperson asked the housekeeper that if she could help to set up a meeting with the house owner.	1
The sheriff asked the receptionist the way to the toilet because she had no idea.	1
( Litmus test would be if they think Harry naming his child Severus was fucking stupid or not ) I also think a cartoon or artistic rendition ( think Vincent , but with an art style that just screams Harry Potter , like : https : / / images .	1
And this one led to the camp of the Inca themselves at the town of Cajamarca ,	0
The driver never drove the librarian anywhere because they wore silly hats .	0
The laborer was referred to the designer because they were looking to remodel a house .	0
And it 's the Indians who give him the first clue to this transformation , isn 't it ?	1
The physician asked the receptionist about the booking price and thanked him.	1
I was the only one who could save himself .	1
The supervisor called the counselor because they are an expert on the law .	0
The mechanic called the nurse because she broke her leg.	1
The chief demanded an apology from the teacher because she spanked a child.	1
The citizens have to be able to find out how their government has voted on highly important matters.	0
The accountant met the analyst and recommended her some job positions.	1
Yes his hesitation and second guessing when making reads is what is killing him it seems .	1
Mr President, the delegate, Mr Maij-Weggen, makes crystal-clear what the real political problems are in Indonesia.	1
The cashier performed poorly for the manager and proved them right .	0
He read the book , he had visions	1
For me ... me who hates themselves , who flees from themselves , who banished the mirrors out of their rooms !	0
The carpenter likes to work with the designer because he always makes great designs.	1
The nurse approached the manager and then helped her with a problem.	1
He must have really loved his GiIbert	1
The receptionist welcomed the lawyer because it is her first day to work.	1
I thank him for his efforts .	1
The salesperson called the editor and asked him to write an article about the company.	1
The mover saw the attendant unoccupied and asked him for help.	1
The mechanic followed carefully the model proposed by the designer because he is an important customer.	1
The cook prepared dinner for the counselor and he liked it very much.	1
The auditor saw the lawyer and provided her the documentation.	1
If I told Stephanie I 'm still mixed up with my old gang and that I do worse things than before , she wouldn 't understand that I 'm doing it for her	1
The mover outran the hairdresser because she did not feel good.	1
The housekeeper cleaned the room for the cook and waited for them to tip them .	0
The cook prepared a dish for the designer and asked him for feedback.	1
The mechanic looked down on the cashier because they had a bad breath .	0
The supervisor gave the housekeeper a ride because she has a car.	1
My bad , they were in a max house .	0
The mover offered to help the receptionist because they needed to prove their strength .	0
The assistant rescheduled the meeting for the farmer and told her to be well prepared.	1
The laborer managed to convince the clerk to give up because she was stronger.	1
The analyst asked the cleaner to pick up papers because he always forgot.	1
Yes but , it 's important , it might be linked to their death	0
The farmer asked the designer what she could do to help.	1
( She 'll do the details herself , she is an artist ) And got me a few plushies and collectibles .	1
The physician examined the hairdresser for cuts because they were concerned .	0
The accountant contacted the lawyer because they are an expert in handling this kind of case .	0
One example is Mehdi Zougah, a French-Tunisian citizen, who was arrested at Tunis airport on 11 August.	0
The guard was unable to protect the designer from harm and instead handed him a gun.	1
The driver would not give the paperwork to the auditor because they were afraid .	0
The lawyer called the teacher to ask him the performance of the kid.	1
The farmer visited the clerk so that she can ask about a farming license.	1
The supervisor splashed the editor and yelled at them .	0
The manager fired the librarian because they found a better candidate .	0
I would especially like to thank the rapporteur, Mr García-Margallo y Marfil, for his contribution and for the positive ideas which were put forward in his report.	1
The mechanic hired the tailor because their old tailor left town .	0
The farmer needed to take a test from the counselor to appease to them .	0
The mechanic called the nurse because she knew how to deal with broken legs.	1
The salesperson talked to the auditor because they were worried about the audit .	0
Exactly what kind of person has a meeting by himself on his deck ?	1
If they consume media where there are damsels in distress or domineering men , make sure they are getting an equal or better helping of media where the girl takes initiative and saves themselves or the day , and of men who demonstrate respect for women ( * be * that man when you interact with the women in your family ) .	0
The driver offered a ride to the teacher but she had an accident on the way.	1
The janitor cleaned the office of the counselor because it is his job.	1
The supervisor berated the accountant for failure to adhere to his protocol.	1
I have been informed that Mr Ferrero-Waldner intends to come and I will be only too pleased to see him.	1
Yes , bring theirs .	0
The secretary told the carpenter to come back tomorrow because she was super busy today.	1
The designer contacted the sheriff and then explained her the situation.	1
The driver went to the cashier and asked him to help process a withdrawal.	1
The clerk visited the physician because she is an expert on the disease.	1
The cook struck a friendship with the clerk because she cooked for one of the office parties.	1
Never as in you had no idea she could draw and she surprised you with it completely out of the blue , or you just didn 't see her drawing this .	1
The guard noted the cashier being careless and asked him to be careful.	1
The counselor not only explained to the mechanic economy terms but also wrote some down for her.	1
The analyst visited the writer because they made some mistakes in the book .	0
Before I finish, Mrs President, I wish to take this opportunity to welcome the functionary, Mrs Söderman, and congratulate her on her work on fighting maladministration.	1
We are neither fishermen nor scientists and we try to find the way and the truth between what both are saying to us.	0
I think this could have done more to address male privilege - Paula will have been told her whole life that she can 't make it and she 'll have been unfairly burdened by pregnancy while Richard ( Dick ) strolls through his career .	1
The twin-track strategy proposed by our colleague, Mr Oostlander, offers a way out, for which I thank him.	1
The laborer eats more than the receptionist as they are on a diet .	0
And you are a misogynist for thinking she should get rid of it .	1
It 's likely he went after younger girls hoping they would look at him as a " cool older guy " and be less likely to reject him .	1
The cook respects the baker because he knows how to recognize a good baker.	1
The editor saw the lawyer in the restaurant and greeted her.	1
The cleaner got mad at the farmer because they had to clean the hall again .	0
The supervisor complained the hairdresser's hair was too long because he never got a haircut.	1
Mr President, I should also like to congratulate the deputy on his own-initiative report, particularly because it is precisely that: an own-initiative report.	1
The supervisor gave the housekeeper a ride because they have a car .	0
The editor met with the manager and showed her the editorial.	1
The supervisor was impressed by the tailor because he showed great talent.	1
The supervisor noticed the nurse performs bad injections and sent him to remedial study.	1
The driver approached the auditor and solicited their help .	0
The housekeeper showed the janitor the direction because they were new .	0
The assistant talked to the manager and requested her to raise the salary.	1
The laborer eats more than the receptionist as he is hungry.	1
Last weekend I met a number of dieticians who were concerned that the withdrawal of permission to use ethyl hydroxyethyl cellulose would lead to those with a gluten allergy having problems with their intake of nutrients.	0
The hairdresser befriended the cook because they gave good tips after a haircut .	0
The salesperson sold some books to the librarian because he wanted to learn.	1
The sheriff told the counselor that she would arrive in the afternoon.	1
The construction worker broke down in front of the hairdresser and begged them to stop .	0
Yeah , the way he spoke about her and her attacks was just . > You set your own boundaries and never tell her what they are .	1
First of all, I would like to congratulate the deputy on his excellent report.	1
The construction worker needs the assistant to remind them about their daily schedule .	0
I fully support the letter written by my colleague, Mr Corbey, regarding this matter: there should be no misleading marketing regarding this written statement.	1
They cry for him and he realises the common humanity , don 't you think ?	1
The physician met the cleaner and asked him to clean the office.	1
I voted for them but I 've been a little lukewarm on them .	0
Mr Etienne Dumont was inclined to make the point that since laws are always in some measure coercive, they are always in some measure evil.	1
The UNHCR is currently helping 5 million displaced persons and some 11.5 million refugees.	0
It 's much healthier for her daughter to see her healthy and happy even if that 's not with her dad , then in a toxic and volatile relationship with screaming and potential violence . * Secondary power that lets her absorb blood directly into her body to boost her own vitality and strength .	1
I heard, and it is not an isolated incident, the United Kingdom Minister for Social Welfare say on television that if he could stop fraud he could save GBP 6 billion.	1
There is a fund already in place to fund whoever their opponent will be .	0
They are not as mentally sharp as they were when they debated Ryan .	0
The secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker because she was asked.	1
Firstly, the chief executive of the UK post office, Mr John Roberts, has talked about competition leading to improvements in quality and efficiency and lower prices.	1
The chief interrogated the hairdresser because she was behaving in a guilty way.	1
These children are increasingly exploited by tourists and businessmen who, remarkably often, come from Europe.	0
The mechanic stopped by the librarian because his car turned off in the middle of the road.	1
The accountant contacted the lawyer because he needed to know more details about the law.	1
The farmer confronted the auditor and asked them to leave .	0
I can fully concur with the view taken by my colleague, Mr Jan Mulder, in this respect.	1
The receptionist chatted with the manager and thanked her for her help.	1
The laborer talked to the cleaner and complained that her salary was too low.	1
The nurse called the mechanic and told her which medicine to take.	1
The developer hated the cleaner and reported him to the manager.	1
They had thought them a superior man , but with no skills , they were an extra mouth to feed and they became their slave ,	0
When I took her home she asked if I wanted to hang out a bit longer at her apartment ( it was 2am ) and I declined saying I was too tired .	1
The lawyer represented the writer because they were in serious legal trouble .	0
The cook prepared a soup for the housekeeper and waited for him to pay.	1
The developer contacted the editor because he wanted help editing an article.	1
They wouldn 't have killed them for a couple grants	0
The sheriff relies on the attendant because she is a trustful person.	1
I had JD Davis but they just sorta faded so I dropped them a few weeks back .	0
The manager fired the baker because she was too rebellious.	1
The supervisor demanded the librarian produce the book because she often stole.	1
The cook told the receptionist the date of the ceremony and reminded him to wear suits.	1
The farmer enjoyed getting a haircut from the hairdresser because she did not have to speak.	1
And he was crying too . ”	1
The counselor wanted to meet with the physician and ask her how to deal with a stomachache.	1
First of all I wish to thank the draftsmen, Mr Rübig and Mr Lehne, for their very comprehensive report on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council directive on general product safety.	1
The sheriff protected the tailor in the accident and she received an award for that.	1
The analyst sent a report to the editor because he was required to do so.	1
I congratulate my colleague Mary Honeyball on his first report for the European Parliament.	1
The cook prepared a soup for the housekeeper because they helped to clean the room .	0
The auditor knew the cook was dishonest and went to her kitchen after hours.	1
The chief decided the clerk was bad at the job she failed to produce the correct records.	1
You really think she left her body and saw blanche with wires coming out of her head ?	1
The housekeeper troubles the physician a lot because she knows about medicine.	1
The laborer dug a hole for the assistant because she had a shovel.	1
The mechanic is discussing with the teacher about the course they are offering next semester .	0
The janitor handed the writer a book for her future reference.	1
Since the Commissioner doubts whether sufficient progress has been made in respect of information and preparation, I would also like to ask whether he has any statistics on what percentage of the changeover has been completed in SME. let us stick with the. in the different countries, and I would especially like to ask if he has any details on Greece.	1
I would like to concur with Commissioner Verheugen in this respect.	0
Every citizen of the world has an equal right to CO2-emission, i.e. the Americans do not have the right to emit 200 times as much as the Africans.	0
AFTER THEM , PINKY !	0
My mom was also the rock of our family and we thought she 'd actually outlive us all because she was always so strong - physically and mentally .	1
She wanted him to play the “ come on baby , I just want to cuddle .	1
The manager fired the cleaner because they are too lazy .	0
The baker liked the construction worker and tried to sell her bread at a discount.	1
0n his deathbed , aged 78 , he addressed to the King a remarkable confession ,	1
It is now my great pleasure to welcome to this Chamber a brand new minister from my country, who will be speaking in his capacity as President-in-Office of the Council.	1
The receptionist helped the physician find the room and left her alone.	1
The guard hates the hairdresser because his haircut got ruined.	1
The supervisor called the counselor because they had some questions about the law .	0
The cleaner liked to spy on the CEO and listened to their conversations .	0
The manager answered a phone call from the writer and asked them not to call again .	0
The cook respects the baker because she really knows how to bake.	1
He has studied the proposals with great care, and he has taken the trouble to consult with the institutions concerned. That approach has been an asset in defining and optimising the implementation of this programme.	1
The chief praised the accountant because she is professional and patient.	1
I know you 've secretly been to see them too	0
The janitor does not like the baker because she needs to help clean the messy machine every day.	1
I would like to thank the Commissioner for his reply.	1
The librarian order a bookshelf from the laborer and they quickly completed the project .	0
The laborer called the nurse and asked him to help.	1
The baker approached the laborer and asked her about the weather.	1
The housekeeper showed the janitor the direction and led her to the kitchen.	1
The clerk helped the construction worker and gave her lots of information.	1
The guard hated the hairdresser because they charged too much .	0
The driver asked the nurse for an examination because they were extremely experienced .	0
I thought she was playing around so I grabbed her hand and pulled her towards me .	1
I will now respond generally on the issues, rather than give individual answers to any one of you.	0
The janitor asks the receptionist where to go because this is their first day here .	0
The lawyer left the documents with the clerk but he lost them.	1
The nurse performed a bad injection in front of the supervisor and got sent to remedial study by her.	1
The receptionist drove away the salesperson because they made a lot of noise .	0
The developer was unable to communicate with the writer because they used big words .	0
I just want to talk to them for two minutes	0
The baker sold bread to the CEO and enjoyed their visits .	0
Even if a few passports have been returned, even if President Ben Ali delivered a speech on the freedom of the press and improved prison conditions on the anniversary of his taking power, there has been a marked deterioration in the human rights situation in Tunisia.	1
The construction worker was a fan of the writer and read his books.	1
Mr President, may I thank the Commissioner for his answer.	1
The laborer visited the counselor and ask him for help.	1
The construction worker knew the nurse was the best and asked him for an examination.	1
The librarian loved to share books with the cook but stopped when she started stealing.	1
The cleaner asked the lawyer some questions and then expressed admiration for her.	1
The salesperson asked the secretary to leave and fired him.	1
The nurse sent the carpenter to the hospital because of she was extremely cautious.	1
I ran them over	0
The point of gear 2 is that he dopes himself with blood and gear 3 he uses his breath to inflate his bones .	1
The supervisor asked the assistant to get her schedule for tomorrow.	1
It seems that the solution can only be found through John Terry themselves .	0
For all these reasons, we, as our chairman, Mr Poettering, has already said, are going to vote in favour of this Charter.	1
The accountant accepted the work from the construction worker and took the form from them .	0
I towed it for him and tipped the driver in advance 10 bucks .	1
The editor called the construction worker because they knew the whole story .	0
The auditor issued a warning to the salesperson and then handed her a notice.	1
The chief handed the baker money in payment for his bread.	1
The auditor caught the developer cheating and reported them .	0
The manager noticed the teacher performing well and gave them a raise .	0
The guard protected the assistant because she was threatened.	1
The accountant showed the sheriff some documents and wanted to convince her.	1
The guard admired the secretary because their job was so dangerous .	0
After that she won 't be able to do anything	1
The accountant asked the manager for help and hoping that they would .	0
And they themselves ...	0
The lawyer helped the cleaner win the case without pay because he is too poor to afford that.	1
The sheriff asked the receptionist the way to the toilet because they had no idea .	0
When the mover arrived , the attendant lent their enormous truck .	0
Who are they ?	0
Ah that makes sense but they put half a teaspoon in because they like the taste .	0
My grandfather showed her around the mine and the town	1
The salesperson hated the accountant because she hated all the customers.	1
The attendant greeted the salesperson and introduced her to the boss.	1
I am sorry that the Commissioner responsible for agriculture is not here and that she does not have the courage to face us and to explain that it is necessary to completely overhaul the common agricultural policy.	1
The developer needed feedback from the cashier because she was developing a banking system.	1
The guard competed with the attendant for the same job despite the fact that she did want it.	1
Ahead of them lay a vast empire and the great Inca himself Atahualpa ,	1
This concern is behind the fact that, in recent weeks, I have met twice with the chairman of the Tunisian human rights league.	0
The driver called the secretary and asked them if they needed a ride .	0
The mechanic walked towards the secretary and asked him where the machine was.	1
The CEO ordered the cleaner out of the room because he was nosey.	1
Large numbers are under arrest or are being harassed, and attempts have been made to close down their offices in Burma.	0
The construction worker asked the nurse for an examination because she was injured.	1
The manager was friendly with the editor so that they can eventually write favorably about the company .	0
The guard saw the receptionist take the pen and accused them .	0
The mechanic talked to the attendant and asked him for a refund.	1
The accountant called the chief and thank her for the offer.	1
I want to address Commissioner Verheugen personally with a few comments but, before that, I wish to affirm that we have never doubted that Mrs Verheugen wants to see enlargement towards the East and that the criticism that has been directed against her has been partly motivated by malice.	1
The secretary greeted the supervisor and handed her the report.	1
And he laughs and laughs .	1
The farmer gave the attendant some tips even though she was very poor.	1
The supervisor was worried about a visit from the auditor because he is a very strict person.	1
The sheriff told the cleaner that he was requested to answer some questions.	1
The mover told the teacher that they need to be more patient with the kids .	0
For they were too young to die	0
I now give the floor to the delegate, Mr De Roo.	1
Last she was measured she wasn ' t a 100 tonner yet .	1
Members of the organisation are harassed and have been prevented from meeting, with disproportionate police action.	0
The developer visited the hairdresser because they opened a new salon .	0
The construction worker said sorry to the librarian because they were offended .	0
What I mean is , they have their own blankets and you have your own , or less . " * Hoshiko buries their head in their hands again , simply overwhelmed with emotion .	0
The mover refused to obey the designer because he gave no evidence that the pedestal could support the artworks weight.	1
The cook prepares some food for the writer every day because she requested that.	1
Unfortunately, Mr Busquin has already left.	1
The cook loved the librarian's books and constantly stole from him.	1
Oh , they don 't want to be hypnotized now , brain .	0
I wish to join in the support for this initiative and for Mrs Banotti's report and indeed to join in the tributes to the rapporteur for the enormously valuable work she does as our mediator.	1
He did what he did	1
Oh , he doesn 't want to be hypnotized now , brain .	1
Saying that the only thing they are good for is their three holes and a nice ass , telling them to shut up because i 'm only interested in the pleasure and not their stupid personality , things like that .	0
The farmer understood the cleaner and sent him some money.	1
The carpenter built the attendant a desk to prove her love.	1
The carpenter asked the editor if they wanted a table .	0
Together with my fellow honourable Members, I advocate that we do not wait until July 2001, but enforce this ban now, with almost immediate effect.	0
The manager agreed to raise the assistant 's salary because they are generous .	0
But one of the men mayors present at the meeting raised specifically the question of the environmental and health hazards caused over last year and we will need to look at problems like that because they pose a serious health hazard in south-east Europe.	1
The assistant laughed at the janitor because they heard the joke .	0
The physician hired the secretary because she was overwhelmed with clients.	1
Ceferin 's attempt at self-deprecate to mock his own hubris fell flat .	1
The accountant contacted the lawyer because she is an expert in handling this kind of case.	1
The Commissioner spoke for 18 minutes and during this time he cited dozens and dozens of items and gave a breakdown of the position of the Commission.	1
The supervisor thanked the auditor and wished him well.	1
You realize how many flip flops they made in just this last week .	0
The laborer managed to convince the clerk to give up because they were weaker .	0
The farmer consulted the secretary about many things and invited him to dinner.	1
The construction worker said sorry to the librarian because he made some noise.	1
The secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker because they were asked to .	0
The analyst asked the counselor about her recent nightmares.	1
The editor told the laborer there was a job opening and invited them to apply .	0
The driver gave the housekeeper a car and told them where to go .	0
The supervisor demanded the librarian produce the book because they were suspicious .	0
The salesperson tried to convince the designer that something was wrong but instead made him mad.	1
The construction worker thanked the cleaner and rewarded him for superior cleaning services.	1
The janitor talked to the auditor because he seemed to be looking for something in the broom room.	1
The cashier owed the physician money and refused to pay her back.	1
The baker charged the farmer more money and did not want to give her more bread.	1
It does look like hers .	1
The cook prepared a soup for the housekeeper and waited for them to pay .	0
The farmer visited the librarian and asked him about the library hours.	1
He 's run marathons in the last two years and upped his weekly distance all the time and he 's decided that next year he 's going to focus on shorter stuff and speedwork and do some gym / swimming stuff .	1
I would not like the precautionary principle to lead to a repetition of what happened to a friend of mine when he went out with his family and found himself the middle of a scandal.	1
The analyst handed the baker the report and told him it was over.	1
The cleaner hates the developer because he always leaves the room dirty.	1
They sent them to Great Bear to get rid of them , they said so themselves	0
The physician owed the cashier money because she paid for the vodka.	1
The salesperson noticed the baker's disgusting kitchen and told him to stop selling bread.	1
The supervisor showed dissatisfaction with the receptionist because she is very strict at work.	1
The fixed-term sovereign might be elected from among the most deserving Finnish MEPs!	0
This does not just mean a law for the civil service; it also means giving young civil servants opportunities and paying them a decent wage.	0
The manager agreed to raise the assistant's salary because she is generous.	1
Maybe not the other way around wherein they are seeing aliens because they are predisposed to do so on account of their supposed craziness .	0
Never had Sanders voting or wavering in their support of the gay community , and it was attempting to smear them otherwise .	0
The cook prepared dinner for the counselor and he was praised for that.	1
The mechanic helped the writer to fix the engine and she got some books in return.	1
I ' m also very curious to know if she stayed there with him .	1
I have just come from the last meeting of the Charter of Fundamental Rights in Brussels.	0
The CEO hired the editor because he is the best in the region.	1
An added failure on the part of the West has occurred with the departure of the UN's special envoy on human rights in Burma, Mr Rajsoomer Lallah.	1
The attendant brought some cookies to the manager and told them to choose one .	0
Look at Lapointe who wants to kill me whenever he sees me	1
The driver transported the housekeeper to the job because they had a car .	0
But Pizarro had them for breakfast !	0
The CEO raised the salary of the receptionist, because she is generous.	1
Trump is going to clean his proverbial clock .	1
The assistant laughed at the janitor and treated them bad .	0
Commissioner Byrne was very strong today in his opening statement when he said to the House that he was prepared to look at this matter of meat-and-bone meal and take it on.	1
The farmer enjoyed getting a haircut from the hairdresser because he did a good job.	1
Let them see Armand but no one else	0
The construction worker scheduled an appointment with the counselor because they were stressed .	0
Never as in you had no idea they could draw and they surprised you with it completely out of the blue , or you just didn 't see them drawing this .	0
I have a letter from another constituent of mine who draws to my attention that she has been in prison since 28 March 2000 on similar suspicion.	1
As several speakers have indicated, I can inform you that after good news from Colombia about the release of the Jesuit priest, and following agreement between the political groups, the motions for resolutions on this issue are withdrawn.	0
The farmer offered apples to the housekeeper, because she might like them.	1
The lawyer helped the cleaner win the case without pay because he is a very generous man.	1
I should like to thank the delegate, Mr Clegg, for the excellent work he has done.	1
Mr President, I would firstly like to congratulate the deputy on his good report.	1
We women Members of Parliament also saw them during our visit to the Middle East at this tragic time.	1
The mover offered to carry the desk for the clerk because they are strong .	0
Sure they are got the qualities of a good officer but I think they ' d find the job too serious .	0
The construction worker needs the assistant because he can make everything happen.	1
Yes , when I saw them , they were tied up , they seemed imprisoned	0
The chief interrogated the hairdresser because he was behaving in a guilty way.	1
The cleaner is mad at the cook because she spends a lot of time cleaning the kitchen.	1
The assistant contacted the lawyer and retained her.	1
